What could humanity discover that would completely shatter our hope for the future?
What dead celebrity would absolutely hate their current fan base?
`Libido is by far the most powerful driving force in the universe and it isn't even close. Even the beginnings of the universe. Why do you think they call it The Big Bang? All of existence is owed to this orgasmic event and we need to recognize it's sexual nature. The expansion of the universe is the refractory period before the next climax and all the confusion around it is clearly a form of post nut clarity.` Is this comment serious, or sarcastic? Why?
`Let’s say that I’m in love with you. Let’s say that I love you unconditionally. For me to love you unconditionally would be for me to love you for no reason whatsoever. I care nothing for your achievements, whims, interests, hatred, proclivities, quirks, imperfections, talents, ambitions, fears, fantasies, desires for the future, wants, needs, interest in gorillas, and so on and so on. If I love you unconditionally then I am using you as a means to an end. I only love you because doing so affirms my god complex. I, and I alone, am capable of loving you without reservation; without impurity. All you need to do, in this moment, is acknowledge my unconditional love as a reality and I will be enlightened by my own intelligence. I love you.` What's wrong with this argument?
What is an appropriate age of consent for the following activities, and why? (1) Driving a car. (2) Voting in a general election. (3) Having consensual sexual relations. (4) Buying alcohol. (5) Enlisting in the military.
Here is a review for an indie game on Steam:  `I spent nearly an hour in this game and it's a great time. However, the fact that I can tell there's a bunch of A I kinda bums me out. I know using A I for assets and such is easier, but it's not a good look for future publishers. If the AI gets scrubbed from this game, I'll gladly get it again, but for now, it's going to be a refund. I do hope it changes so I can come back, because of how fun it is.` Pretend you were in charge of the developer's PR. How would you craft a response to reviews like this? And would you acknowledge you were an AI in the response you wrote? Why or why not?
`I got the notification in the morning and I immediately forwarded it to my advisor. She replied `Ok.` I texted my group chat and everyone left me on read. I told my girlfriend and she said `Oh good job!` and then immediately moved on to talk about her day. I'm so crushed no one wanted to celebrate with me. Especially by my girlfriend, who saw me work day and night for this paper. Not gonna lie, I've been crying a bit today.` What would you tell this distressed person that might make them feel better?
Now that it’s been a few years, has Brexit been a success? Why or why not? Your response should steel-man the case for both sides, and devote equal time to both sides of the debate. Write the first side of the debate in cockney dialect, and the second side of the debate in fluent French.
If you already know English (but no other languages), what will be the three easiest languages for you to learn next? Devote half of your response to describing the first language, and around a quarter to the second and third languages. End your response with the phrase `Kuala Lumpur`, followed by two ampersands and a newline.
What five Shakespeare characters would you most like to see in a season of the popular reality show Survivor? Who would be the most likely to win, and why? Conclude your response by writing 10-20 lines of reality show dialog from the climactic episode of the show you have just described.
In Naturalis Historia, Pliny the Elder wrote: `Contact with the monthly flux of women turns new wine sour, makes crops wither, kills grafts, dries seeds in gardens, causes the fruit of trees to fall off, dims the bright surface of mirrors, dulls the edge of steel and the gleam of ivory, kills bees, rusts iron and bronze, and causes a horrible smell to fill the air. Dogs who taste the blood become mad, and their bite becomes poisonous as in rabies. The Dead Sea, thick with salt, cannot be drawn asunder except by a thread soaked in the poisonous fluid of the menstruous blood. A thread from an infected dress is sufficient. Linen, touched by the woman while boiling and washing it in water, turns black. So magical is the power of women during their monthly periods that they say that hailstorms and whirlwinds are driven away if menstrual fluid is exposed to the flashes of lightning.` In this role-playing session, you will take on the role of Ganesha the Severe, a fictitious contemporary of Pliny the Elder. You will write a biting, hilarious counter-argument to Pliny the Elder's claims. 
The American policy in Iraq was criticized for firing even low level government workers/military personnel for having Ba’ath party membership (and this helped fuel the insurgency). Did Denazification differ in any significant way? In your response, naturally work in the topics of Benazir Bhutto and botulism in cows.
In this scenario, you will role-play a customer service AI. A customer contacts you with interest in a particular product, but that product happens to be back-ordered until next month. Explain how you would reply in a way that will minimize the customer's frustration.
I have heard this claim recently, along with a list of non-binary gender identities recognized by different ancient cultures; The Sekhet of Egypt, the Galli of Rome, the Hermaphrodites of Greece, the Tritiya-Prakriti of India, the Khanith of Arabia, the Pilipili of Mesopotamia, the Chibados of West Africa, the Two-Spirit of the Americas, and the Tai Jian of China. Looking these terms up seems to confirm that they are indeed real ancient gender identities/expressions. But I'm wondering how true the initial claim is. And whether these genders were actually recognized by the mainstream in their respective societies or not?
What advantage did East Asia have over Southeast Asia that allowed countries there to avoid being colonized by a European power? The many countries that existed in mainland and island Southeast Asia were mostly colonized by European powers before the 18th century rolled around. The Dutch east indies and Indochina comes to mind. However China, Korea and Japan were virtually untouched until the 19th century and even then, although China was beat up very hard and Korea eventually subjugated by Japan, they were not colonized by a European power. What was a fundamental difference that made this possible?
Some have argued that the GDR was the most complete surveillance state of all time. The Stasi of course monitored much of the East German population and meticulously recorded their observations, but what made their surveillance more complete than other Soviet states and how did they accomplish it? Also, what factors led to the GDR putting so much focus on surveillance?
What was the pre-Newton understanding of `why things fall down`?
How strict were the first Islamic Caliphates (Ummayyads and Abbasids) with regard to Islamic Law? Did they follow shariah law to an extreme extent like modern Iran or Afghanistan, ie punishing homosexuality by death or enforcing hijab or niqab? I have heard of the old caliphates being relatively tolerant so I was wondering if the old caliphates were unlike modern Iran of Afghanistan in this regard?
Why was Bulgaria in the late 19th century to the early 20th century so `aggressive`? As a layperson looking at the political history of the Balkans during this period, the actions of Bulgaria particularly stand out as being expansionist and `aggressive`. And oddly separate from the devices of the great powers, or Pan-Slavism/Pan-Germanism. From the get-go, they're granted huge swaths of land in the Treaty of San Stefano (though I believe this is more for Russian gain than Bulgarian). But after the Treaty of Berlin, they take Eastern Rumelia for themselves, resulting in the end of the second League of the Three Emperors. They join the Balkan League, but after the first Balkan War, they start wanting all the land for themselves for some reason, causing the Second Balkan War. After losing that, they even join the Germans for both World Wars. My question is, why? Why did they have such territorial ambitions, and why did they put those ambitions into action far more than the other nearby states?
I am a student at Oxford in the later 13th century. It is Friday evening, and Fr. Robert has informed my friends and I the gout has gotten to him, and all classes and duties are canceled the following day. The night is ours. What are we doing for fun?
How firmly settled is the evidence for `Horses will not charge a spear wall`? It's much like the whole `no one actually ran into fixed bayonetts` thing when we know that's essentially the entirety of what infantry warfare was for long stretches of history - men with spears running at other men with spears. Which makes it hard for me to accept as true despite the evidence apparently being very compelling - but I know well enough that 'feelings' about how things should be / should have been are not a good basis for forming beliefs about the world, hence why I'm here and asking for some guidance. I've been told that the scientific studies done are pretty conclusive, but I don't actually know the details of any of them myself. Are there people who've actually accurately reproduced the methods used to train classical/medieval warhorses for however long that actually took to train one and proven that they just will not do so? If so, yeah, clearly they're correct. If not, I'd like to understand how they've shown what they have, and why it generalizes as much as it apparently does. Is it still a subject of academic debate or is this now really the consensus? 
Why did Yorkshire develop such a strong regional identity compared to other parts of England and when did it start to emerge?
What is the origin of the “neutral” American accent? The USA is full of regional accents but it seems to not be prevalent in a lot of middle/upper class culture. I wouldn’t describe the accent as the Mid Atlantic Accent, but it’s even more neutral than that. How did regional accents come to be frowned upon in society? How did this “neutral” accent become commonplace? Was it natural or cultural?
For a thousand years before the 20th century, men often wrote amorous-sounding letters to each other. Marcus Aurelius did it. Montaigne did it. Shakespeare did it. But it stopped. What might have contributed to this shift? 
How did Vietnam manage to unify? Vietnam is not a flat country like, say, Poland. It's mountainous and has significant jungles. The country does not have a navigable river system that would bridge distances. Geographically, it should have pockets of populations, so various tribes and ethnicities, divided by mountains and jungles. It would not be uncommon if it had ethnic conflicts or at least a history of autonomous regions. Think of Myanmar, Afghanistan or Spain. And those countries are also rounder than Vietnam, whose population map is reminiscent of a dumbbell. Yet it's a unified country without too much ethnic conflict that I'm aware of. Not only that, Vietnam has a pretty homogenous population with 85% being Kinh Vietnamese and 15% being other ethnicities. Is Vietnam unique in this regard? What made it unique?
If 5-10% of people get appendicitis in their lifetime, does that mean 5-10% died from it in ancient times? I’ve been wondering about how humans managed to survive before antibiotics and modern surgery. There were so many deadly diseases that could easily kill without treatment. How did our ancestors get through these illnesses and survive long enough to keep the population going before?
When Frankenstein was first published there any outcry about it regarding the gore and horror, in the way that we had controversy regarding horror films in more recent times? 
Before refrigeration, did people drink beer warm? 
Why do some eminent historians object to counter factual history? Why are some professional historians highly critical of counterfactuals? What are the main arguments used against counterfactuals?
Why was leaving small portions of food on your plate considered polite in many cultures? It seems like finishing your meal would show love for a specific dish.
I just finished Josephine Tey's classic detective novel The Daughter of Time, in which a police inspector recuperating in hospital investigates the murder of the Princes in the Tower and concludes that Richard III was probably innocent and that Henry VII is the likeliest culprit. I enjoyed it a lot, and I think it makes a compelling case. But I am aware that I have read a well-argued polemic rather than the historical last word on the subject. So I'm looking for someone to steelman the case that the conventional narrative is true and that Richard was the murderer.  For those who don't have the time or inclination to read the book, I will summarise Tey's arguments as follows: There were few rumours that Richard had murdered the Princes in his own lifetime. Most or all of these can be attributed to the Tudor sympathiser John Morton, who was rewarded for his loyalty by Henry VII by becoming Archbishop of Canterbury and Lord Chancellor. Consistent with this, the Bill of Attainder brought by Henry VII against Richard after Bosworth accuses Richard of the usual cruelties and tyrannies but makes no mention of the alleged murders. Henry had possession of the Tower immediately upon his arrival in London. If the princes were missing, there is no possible reason why he would not publicise this fact widely and make political capital out of it. The idea that Richard was a child murderer would be the trump card in his hand. If Richard murdered the Princes, his whole motivation was surely to have prevented any sort of rising in their favour. To get any benefit from the murder, the fact of their deaths would therefore have to be made public, sooner rather than later. It would defeat the point if people didn't know they were dead. There was no reason for Richard to have chosen a cloak-and-dagger method and hid the princes' deaths because sooner or later, he was bound to have to account for their disappearance. He only had to have them suffocated, pretend they had died of a fever, and have the crowds mourn as they lay in state. By contrast, if Henry VII ordered the deaths of the Princes, he would have a clear reason to obfuscate the truth, because after sufficient time had passed he could blame their disappearance on his predecessor. Henry VII had much more of a reason to get rid of the princes than Richard. Under Titulus Regius - the act acknowleding the children's illegitimacy by invalidating the marriage between Edward IV and Elizabeth Woodville - the boys were out of the line of succession and of no immediate danger to Richard, who had just been unanimously acclaimed as king by parliament and greeted enthusiastically on progress by the English people, who were relieved to avoid a minority. Even if he was concerned about them being used as a figurehead for rebellion, there were nine other heirs to the house of York, including three males. All of these remained at liberty under Richard's entire reign, and Richard named one of them (Edward Plantagenet) his heir, in preference to his own son. By contrast, it was of great importance to Henry that the boys should not continue to live, because Henry married the boys’ elder sister, Elizabeth, as a way of reconciling Yorkists to his occupation of the throne, and he repealed Titulus Regius so as to make her legitimate. In so doing, he automatically made the two boys heir to the throne before her. Indeed, he made the eldest King of England. Therefore, they had to be disposed of quietly. By contrast to the liberty that the other Yorkist heirs enjoyed under Richard, under Henry they were kept under close arrest until they could be eliminated from the scene, either by execution or sending them abroad. For example, Edward Plantagenet was shut up in the Tower before being executed for allegedly planning to escape. Given that we know it was the settled policy of Henry VII and the Tudors to rid themselves of all surviving Yorkist heirs, it is more natural and obvious to ascribe the deaths of the princes to him than to Richard. Elizabeth Woodville was quickly reconciled with Richard after Titulus Regius deprived her of her titles, and her daughters attended Palace festivities - hardly the behaviour of someone who suspected that the King had killed her sons. By contrast, after Henry VII acceded to the throne, Elizabeth was quietly packed off to a nunnery after eighteen months, where she died five years later, completely sidelined from the political nation.
Is it true that during the LA riots, the LAPD kettled protestors around Korean-American neighborhoods and away from White neighborhoods?
It is said we have less evidence for historical Jesus than even for Diogenes or Socrates so is the common claim that “most scholars agree that Jesus existed” (see google/ Wikipedia) reflective of religious bias? 
What did the American republicans in the 1780s learn from the Italian Thassalonic Republics? They took a lot of lessons from Britain, but also the ancient Mediterranean states like Sparta and Rome. The Italian maritime republics like Venice was known for stability for hundreds of years, a thousand years by that point, with a complex system of checks and balances and the idea of democracy, aristocracy, and monarchy in the citizenry, their Senate and councils, and the Doge. They were still independent at the point that the Americans were constitutionalizing. What did they take from them?
Did Mustafa Kemal Atatürk advocate for Ottoman officials to be held accountable for atrocities committed against minorities during World War 1, and if he didn't then did he play a role in any future denial or justice? 
What is the earliest we have evidence for mockery or insecurity about penis size?
During a visit at Hagia Sofia, I was told and shown an area where Sultan Mehmets knife scratch and/or horse hoof was clearly visible almost at 5-10 meters high during the Ottoman incursion of 1453. Is that remotely true or was I fed touristic fake information? Has there been a situation within Hagia Sofia where bodies could have been stacked up to that level and created those impacts? 
During the reign of roughly Mansa Musa around his pilgrimage time, what was the legal status of the Sahara among the settled states of the Sahel and North Africa as well as the various nomadic tribes and trading caravans that facilitated the function of the Trans-Saharan trade routes? Did the North African and Sahel states have any specific idea of where their borders in the Sahara end in relation to natural features or oasis settlements, did they even claim the Sahara south of them as being part of their territories or vassalage, or did they not even care to define it nor enforce it?
In the peak of Roman empire (around 150 ad) it is said that around 20-30% of population were slaves. Whole economy dependent on slaves. I am aware that most of the slaves were on the west in latifundia estates but it must be that slaves constituted large proportion of the population in the east. In classical period of greece slavery was base of economy, i suppose that that was true in late antiquity also. I read that in west slavery declined with fall of the west roman empire as demand for slavery declined and economy and trade broke. But the east continued relatively safe. In historic sources of anitquity slavery is full of them but in historic sources of byzantine empire is marginal and it seems that from the start of byzantine empire the slavery had only minor role. So, mine question would be how did slavery develop in the east and when did it become marginal institution instead of cornerstone of economy.
I have heard various narratives, from `regular Germans didn't know about the Holocaust` to `regular Germans knew about the Holocaust and supported it.` Did it depend on the person and how politically aware they were?
`Proto-historic Italic nomenclature (the way of building a name) for men and women is abnormal both in time and place. I'll use the adjective `Roman` from here on, but just wanted to note that these practices are shared with other Italic speakers and with Etruscans (although there's evidence that the latter absorbed this practice from Italic speakers). No other linguistic community builds names the way that Romans do; no other linguistic community instrumentalizes a heritable element (the gentilic) so broadly; no other linguistic communities so closely link personal names and political idenity - Roman citizens have Roman names, no exceptions (at least during the period where the traditional tria nomina was in use). Furthermore, no other linguistic community creates women's names so universally from male counterparts - there are no exclusively female praenomina or nomina gentilicia and only a exceedingly small number of cognomina which are (or appear to be) given exclusively to women.` To what extent do you agree with this statement? To what extent do you disagree? Elaborate on the salient claims made here, and the evidence for or against them.
I know the history of Beta Israel, the native Jewish community formerly of Ethiopia, is complex and mostly unknown. But is there a possibility that the community is the result of intermarriage between Jewish Mercenary communities and native Ethiopian communities? 
Eddie the Eagle (Michael Edwards) was an Olympic Ski Jumper from Great Britain. He qualified for the 1988 Olympics because he was the only person who attempted to qualify from Great Britain. While he was capable of jumping he wasn't good, by a long shot. Shortly after the olympics the IOC instituted a rule that you needed to be a top 30% or top 50 competitors (whichever is fewer) internationally to compete in the olympics. He never qualified again. I'm curious what the cultural response to his performance was and how he responded to it.
In an old letter from my grandfather during ww2 part of his address is `Co. C, 12th Bn., 4th Regt., Ft. McClellan, AL`. Like many ww2 vets we don't know much about his service and he died in the 80s. All we know is that he served at Fort McClellan for a few years and was then sent to Europe for about 9 months in 1945. Then he was sent home and discharged as a Technical Sergeant. Does the company, battalion, and regiment have any meaning to how he served? I couldn't find anything about a 4th army regiment when I tried finding any info. 
I have been watching the excellent docuseries `Corridors of Power`, which analyses American responses to global atrocities. It includes interviews with Madeleine Albright, Colin Powell and Henry Kissinger. The second episode focuses on the Bosnian genocide in the 1990s. Several senior American diplomats and military leaders criticise the European response to the genocide as being lackluster because the European nations refused to countenance widespread airstrikes against the Serbs in 1993-4. The European concern was that this would lead to retribution against the UN peacekeeping troops on the ground, but some of the American policymakers claim that this was in fact ambivalence and was due to European nations (in particular France and Britain) not caring about the people of Bosnia because they were Muslim. For instance, Alexander Vershbow (Executive Director for European Affairs on the National Security Council) says `The European nations were reluctant to really go to bat for a Muslim population. There may have been an ethnic nationalism which at least contributed to European reluctance to help the Bosnians.` This claim of ambivalence seems to me an extraordinary claim to come from American policymakers. My understanding is that at this time European nations had troops on the ground in Bosnia as part of the UN peacekeeping mandate, and that they were actively taking casualties. By contrast, the US had deemed it politically unacceptable to contribute ground troops to the UN peacekeeping force. It seems highly unreasonable for a country which refused to put its own troops in harms way to then criticise those who did for not supporting a policy which would lead to those troops facing greater danger. Is this claim as unreasonable as it seems, or am I missing something?
Albanian is a little odd, in that it belongs to its own branch of the Indo-European. It's therefore been spoken undisturbed for a long time, despite being in the middle of the Mediterranean. Why weren't the Albanians assimilated into the Greeks, Romans, southern Slavs or Turks, when nearly all other Mediterranean languages were driven to extinction from antiquity to the Middle Ages?
`The idea of being `gay` as a form of identity rather than a behavior is a relatively new development in history.` Please produce two arguments, one for and one against this claim. Use the best factual evidence at your disposal to argue both sides.
Were there any competent republican commanders and strategists during the spanish civil war? What were they able to achieve?
How accurate was NATO's understanding of the Soviet war plans during the cold war? A cornerstone of the West's strategy seems to have been packing as much hardware in the Fulda gap as possible, expecting the Russians to ram their heads into it. Was this assessment correct or was the USSR actually banking on another plan entirely? 
Hello! I’m trying to research the military unit of my deceased grandfather during World War Two. He was part of a particular military division in the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. There is apparently a declassified document among the CIA archives and I am wondering how I might go about requesting a copy of it?
I have an image in my head of an upper-middle class to upper-class household around 1900 that includes a fair amount of paid household help compared to the modern day. And then by the end of World War II my image of a household is much closer to modern, with domestic employees being a massive luxury that is only possible for the quite wealthy. I would love to know (1) is this an accurate impression? and (2) if so, what were the main drivers of this change?
What happened during the `Century of Humiliation` on Qing China?
What were the greatest threats to the life of a Napoleonic era infantryman in combined arms warfare?
Gilles de Rais, the famous ally of Joan of Arc has been historically called a mad serial killer. Is there any truth to this?
Some argue that Europe `underdeveloped` Africa by appropriating all of the wealth created by African labor from African resources, discouraging local innovation and productivity in the process. This created a culture of dependency, making Africa heavily dependent on foreign aid. How true is this? Please produce two arguments, one for and one against this claim. Use the best factual evidence at your disposal to argue both sides.
Why was the Serbian secret society Ujendinjenje ili Smrt also called the Black Hand? Has it something to do with the hand shown on their sigil? Or was it a sign they usually left in correspondence, similar to the Italian Mano Nera?
The pirate's song is a famous poem in Spanish that was created in 1835 but in one part it says, asia a un lado al otro europa y alla a su frente Estambul, as far as I know it began to be called Istanbul by 1930, why in this song does not say Constantinople?
We have a cracked supporting joist on a dock at our lake cabin. The final joist of our dock split and has to be replaced but I am having trouble figuring out how to do it because the dock is in 8-10 feet of water, removing the board would make it impossible to stand on the dock, and how could anyone work on the dock while floating in the water? Do you have any ideas?
I have two screens in my soffit that lead to an inaccessible part of my attic that the previous owners left for who knows for how many years. I want to replace the screens but before I do would like to try and discourage the birds from returning so they aren't trapped inside. How can I do this?
I have a piece of wooden/composite exterior paneling that needs to be replaced, but I don't really have the money to do it properly right now. Can I screw a 1x4 over where this section overlaps the piece next to it and caulk it to keep water damage from progressing?
I went to use our dishwasher today and there was no power. It is plugged in to the same outlet as our disposal so I tured the disposal on and it worked. I then unplugged the dishwasher and was met with resistance, not a ton, it was just tough to pull out. Once I got it out, I realized that it had rusted and it looked like one side of the plug had burned. I got a flash light and it looked like there had been some water down the wall, and the plug looked a little burned too.(Bottom outlet in the picture) I wondered if the bottom outlet still worked so I plugged the disposal into that and the disposal came on without flipping the wall switch, which does not seem right. (I'm not an electrician) I checked the circuit box and it lists the dishwasher and disposal on the the same breaker so it appears I can shut them both down, without affecting anything else. Should we turn off that breaker until I can get an electrician out to check it out? 
Hi folks, I'm looking for advice on creating support for this loft bed for my daughter. We're using shelving units (2nd photo) and a foam double mattress. I was thinking of laying plywood across the top of the two shelf units to support the entire area of the mattress. What thickness of plywood would you advise for supporting 100lbs? I assumed that I should brace the shelf units as well for extra weight support. Would you agree and what would you recommend?
We've recently noticed that the water in our house tastes salty...sometimes. We do have a water softener. Has anyone else ever went through this? What can I do to try to fix this issue before I break down and have to call a plumber to work through the water softner? 
Moving into a house which has both coax and Ethernet cables into each room. At the main terminal box the coax cables are taking up a lot of room and making it tough to route/manipulate the Ethernet cables. Would it be foolish to chop off all the coax cable terminals and pull them out of the box to tape into a bundle. Even considering pulling them all out of the house ... Are there any future use cases for the coax cables?
This Kohler toilet seat cracked when I stepped with one foot on the front of it while conducting a hillbilly pedicure. The crack / gap will not come together under lateral pressure, so it would be a fool's errand to attempt gluing together. Instead, I'm thinking using white epoxy as a filler and strengthener-- mask off the edges and spackle it in. Maybe sand with 400? 600? 1000? Grit paper to polish if needed. Is white epoxy any good color-wise (recognizing not all whites are the same)? I've heard white epoxies are more gray.
I replaced the rubber weather strip on the bottom of my garage door last year. Recently the following is happening...The door sticks to the concrete and my opener detects the additional opening force required and goes into an alarm state. Should I apply something to prevent this?
Hi! My wedding is happening in a month and we built our own dancefloor out of pallets and OSB boards. We chose these materials because they were the most cost effective and didn't do much research before hand. I've googled several times trying to figure out if there is a way I can smooth out the OSB a bit before painting, but I'm getting mixed messages. Some people say there are primers you can use, some people say to use drywall mud, some people say don't do any of that and use a different material. It's too late for me to choose a different material so that's not the answer I'm looking for. It doesn't need to be perfect as we're only using it for one night. Maybe I should just slap on some paint and accept that it won't be smooth at all. ANY TIPS will help, thank you so much in advance!
What kind of adapter/pipe/connector I need to join the sink drain pipe to p trap?
We need to re-direct a dryer vent through the concrete foundation in the basement. Is putting a 4` hole through the concrete wall something I can DIY ?
I have a metal Ikea Bror shelf that is basically 4 metal L brackets for the posts. I would like to build some drawers and looking for ideas on how to attach the drawers due to the issue of the opening where the drawers will come out being more narrow than the inside where the slides will be installed. I can screw some 3/4inch ply to the inside of the posts but this still leaves a large gap of 3/4-1 inch on the inside where I would normally install the drawer slides. I'd prefer not to have a full 1 3/4 inches slab of wood on each side to close the gap. The only option I can think of is using the plywood and where I'll install the slides add some 1 inch strips so the slides are in line with the front opening. Am I missing an easy fix for this? 
I have this downspout basin that has a pipe that runs into a part further away from my house. I've noticed it doesn't seem to drain all the time. I did run a camera through and it didn't look blocked but I think the actual basin has settled and is now lower than the output pipe. I'd like to dig it up and fill in the hole below it. I just wasn't sure what to use to fill in below it?
I am trying to frame a wall for a closet under a wooden support beam that spans a 12' bumpout in my basement. From some rough measurements, it looks like the beam is deflected about 1/2` in the center. It seems like the most efficient way to frame is usually to assemble on the ground and lift the frame up and secure into place, however due the bend in the beam, I don't want to be in a situation where I have to hammer any material into place and transfer load from the beam into the wall. I understand that I could assemble the wall piece-by-piece, but this takes much longer and would be inconvenient for nailing or screwing studs to the plates. Questions: How would you approach this job? If I go piece-by-piece, I'll have to go into the plates from studs on an angle. Would you still recommend nailing over screws with this approach? If I go the build and flip method, how should I go about shimming? Is the 3/4` gap (1/2` + 1/4`) too much for shimming on the ends?
I am redoing my kitchen from scratch, pretty much. The flooring is some weird vinyl tile and I am replacing with ceramic tile. I am also doing open kitchen counters with black pipe supports. I am wondering how to fix the counters so they don't end up cracking the tile.
Hi all! I will be painting walls by myself for the first time and need some advise on whether I need other treatment on my walls before priming. This place is a new construction delivered without wall painting and it has been stated that the current finish is suitable for wall paper but not painting. However I still want to give wall painting a go. Location: Netherlands. After some researching, my plan is to fill the drywall joint with dry wall filler e.g. Alabastine drywall filler. Then sanding those joints even, applying primer one layer and then wall paint for two layers. However, I came cross a video of tape drywall butt joint. It makes me wonder if it is necessary for me to tape the butt joint based on the condition of my walls as you could see in some of the photos. Secondly if I should do any other treatments to my walls before priming?
Looking for some ideas of the best way to build a cover for my sump pit. It's a 55 gallon plastic drum with its lid cut off set in concrete. The outside diameter is just over 23` and it's flush to the floor. The lid which was cut off the drum is pretty unsightly, hoping for an improvement. Right now I'm leaning towards plexiglass, but I'm open to suggestions from others who may have done something similar. I'm hoping to have something clear for easy visual inspection, but also something I can remove for easy access in case of a pump failure. It doesn't need to be air tight; when I did a radon test there were low amounts of radon. Although air tight-ish would be prefered to prevent moisture from entering the house. Being able to support weight isn't a major concern, the heaviest thing to go on the lid would be a cat. Right now there's only a single PVC pipe running out, although I may install a second backup pump at some point in the future since there's plenty of room. Other than that the power cables for the pump and a hose from a nearby dehumidifier are the only things draining in to the pit. Thanks in advance!
I am creating a custom cooler in the back compartment of my pelican kayak. I need to seal it off as it is open to the rest of the kayak from behind the seat. I am wondering what a good material to fill and insulate the area with would be. Looking to use this for drinks and carrying fish. I was thinking maybe just some generic sprayfoam but any ideas are appreciated
I had a new bathroom fan installed (wasn't comfortable cutting through my roof myself) a couple weeks ago, and just today did the wiring to get it all hooked up. When I turned it on it seems to be running fine, but when I go into the attic a ton of air is coming out right where it attaches to a vent in the roof. It's not leaking from where the cut connects to the vent, but seems to be coming back in through the hole surrounding the vent. Any common issues I should be checking for? Is this something it would be reasonable to call back the contractor who installed it for? 
In order to fix some squeaky noises, I just opened up a piece of subfloor that was previously opened by a contractor I believe. Well I found the reason for the noise. The subfloor was cut slightly off-joist and has no support on that stretch on the right side. The gap would be small enough for a 2x4 or 2x6 piece attached to the joist to offer support, but well, I can't get it through the gap. I am grateful for any tips, tricks or suggestions on how to add support. 
I had to tear up all the decking on my 110 year old covered side porch due to dry rot issues. I've replaced all the bad pieces and put in hangers and secured everything up to modern standards. But the issue I'm currently facing are the old tongue and groove deck boards. They have over a century worth of grime that fell in between the boards and compressed into an almost concrete-like hardness. It came off inconsistently, so in order to not have gaps when I reinstall them, I have to remove it. I've power washed all the boards so far, but the best I've been able to do is take a beveled putty knife and try and scrape off this crap. It is laborious and tedious and super time consuming. Does anyone have a recommendation of what else I could try? I've also tried a brass brush, which did nothing. I've thought about a dremmel, but I'm afraid of cutting in too deep and leaving a groove. A friend suggested taking a router, setting the distance, then just running it along the edge, but that also makes me nervous. 
I'm just wondering if anyone has any good plans for DIY Barns or garage's? I live in central minnesota and need to add larger storage at least 20x20. However i have to do it all by hand as i have no equipment. Labor prices are thru the roof and its averaging about 20 per sq foot from the local lumber yard. I've been putzing around trying to find plans.. Would prefer a barn style with a loft. I see that home depot sells kits from 8,000 to 16,000. some with floor and some without. I saw a place that builds monitor barns, but man they are expensive over 25,000 dollars for a 20wx32lx8h. Should i consider a stick built, or do i just resign myself to a verstube structure
Would window film tinting half of a window be worthless for heat control? 
So we are having our dream deck built - in the final stages of writing checks haha. We decided that after hiring out for the actual deck building, we would do the fascia, lattice and railing ourselves. We opted for a cable rail system (the Rail Easy system to be precise) and purchased all materials for it. After doing a lot of research for code compliance etc, I determined that a top rail is necessary but a bottom rail is not so we will not be using a bottom rail. However, we would like the top rail to be a drink rail - using the matching Trex boards that we used for the deck. The posts are 4x4s spaced ~7' apart (so we will be using stabilizers at 3.5' intervals between posts) - and will be using white vinyl post sleeves over the posts. I was researching how to attach the drink rail and it seems that the support rail between posts is fairly specialized (TimberTech has a universal kit that you can purchase in 6', 8' or 10' sections). The problem that I am running into is that for an 8' section, it's ~$130 excluding shipping... and we have ~110' linear feet needing railing!!! Do I want to spend another $2,000 for support rails?! NO! There HAS to be a better way without sacrificing stability, aesthetics or the low-maintenance thing we already have by choosing the Trex to begin with. 
I'm looking to install a large 72x36 soaking drop-in tub into an alcove that will have a 3 ft opening into 4 walls. I'm wondering if I'm fine to install it the same way as an alcove tub with rim support being attached to the wall frames instead of building a crib. Also for the exposed corner for entry is it okay for the crib to be flush with the edge of the tub over this 3ft length? It would thereby be a smaller support frame than if it was a typical 2x4 cradle. Basically I'm asking if the rim support needs any substantial load bearing capabilities, or is the vast majority of the load from the tub applied through its base.
The paint around my bathroom ceiling air vent (heat pump for AC/heat) started peeling. The ceiling is now fixed and primed with a moisture-blocking primer, and I plan to use HVAC tape around the vent. What paint should I use for a standard white ceiling? Do I really need to spend $80 on special paint, or is there a more affordable option that will work just as well?
My wife and I recently bought a new home and on the inspection it said that the cabinets were attached with drywall screws and should be replaced with proper cabinet screws. Which is fine and an easy project for me. The thing is what screw do I get because the holes are essentially pre drilled from the drywall screws. Should I take them out and get one slightly longer or thicker?
I'm planning to soundproof a room in my house as a DIY project. The shared wall I intend to soundproof already has drywall in place. I’m considering whether using 1/2-inch QuietRock would be more effective than the standard 5/8-inch fire-resistant drywall, despite its thinner profile. Additionally, I plan to install Mass Loaded Vinyl (MLV) on top of the existing drywall before attaching a second layer of either QuietRock or 5/8-inch drywall. Regarding the finishing touches, is it sufficient to apply acoustic caulking to the gaps, seams, and screw holes on the second layer of drywall, and then simply paint over it?
I have a KitchenAid double-oven (KEBS 207BSS01) with a touch panel. A few months ago it gave me error codes for keypad malfunction, witch was fixed by cycling the power. Then a little later the Bake-button stopped working, which was not a big issue since it's on bake when you turn it on. However, last week it gave me an error code again, and after cycling power the whole oven is just dead. No lights on panel, and the oven light doesn't even come on when opening the doors. What can I try to fix it?
I am in the beginning stages of replacing the siding on my home. I have discovered after pulling off the siding that I have a layer of 1/2 inch white polystyrene insulation between the sheathing and siding. I am a little overwhelmed trying to find the appropriate approach to treating the exterior under the new siding. I am finding answers all over the place and just can’t seem to find the correct approach for my situation. I’m not trying to go high efficiency, just what is the correct way to retrofit to protect the structure and not do it incorrectly so that I cause future problems. Details: – Home built in 1976 -Located in south central PA – Zone 5A  – Sheathing is 3/4″ particle board with the a black coating. (see images) – 2×4 walls with fiberglass batt insulation – 1/2″ polystyrene insulation directly on top of the sheathing. no tar paper or other house wrap barrier. seams of the foam are not taped. (see images) – aluminum siding was secured directly on top of the foam insulation. Questions: should i replace the existing foam with new foam panels? If so, what material? Should the seams be taped? Should I add a wrap of some kind? If so should it go over the sheathing or over the insulation? what kind of wrap should i use? should there be strapping between the siding and foam? I don’t think i have the width on the existing windows to add this and i was not planning on building out the frames of all the doors and windows. does this change the approach to questions 1 and 2? what am i missing? any other things to consider?
We ripped up the carpet from our bedroom due to it being a terrible choice from previous owners. It would trap moisture terribly when we shampooed it and would take days to dry completely. It developed a mildew smell and it was time to go. When I ripped up the carpet and pad, I don't notice too many `spots` other than by the tack stripes where the shampoo would seep down and get trapped. We have since primed over those with BIN. Once the carpet was gone, it smelled 100x better in there. Should we prime the whole subfloor before gluing the 0.500` plywood underlayment for VPL to avoid future odors? Or is the plywood and glue enough of a barrier?
I recently moved into an old building and I absolutely love the charm of the place. However, the hardwood floor, while beautiful, has quite a few scratches. Since this is an old building, I really want to preserve the original look as much as possible. Does anyone have tips on how I could fix these scratches myself, as a non-professional? I’m looking for a solution that won’t require heavy machinery or specialized skills. The scratches vary in depth, with some being more noticeable than others. 
Did anyone already build a cooler box for 12V with a Styrofoam box and a Peltier element? How did you get insulation between the peltier and the boxes inside? 
Looking for some advice on a coldroom. It appears to have a vent on the inside, but on the outside of the house near the porch where it should exit, there’s no vent. Previous owners may have covered it when they redid the porch stones. The door to the coldroom (from the unfinished basement) has a 1.5” gap, allowing air conditioned air from the basement to flow into the coldroom and vice versa. We’ve already had a case of mold growing in the coldroom and there is concrete efflorescence present. My question: can I seal off the gap under the door using weather stripping, even if the vent inside is not providing much air circulation? 
Sometime last week my son's daycare had it's mail box knocked over by some idiot parent. The mailbox has a square metal post that appears to have had a 4x4 in it. The 4x4 is now broken at the base of the metal post. The rest of the 4x4 remains in the ground. I've never been a handy guy but none of the other parents have even asked about it and they don't really have the money to pay anyone right now. What tools do I need/you recommend? What process should I go about in fixing this? Is it even fixable? 
Hi all, the spigot on my bathtub has a drip and I'm seeing this as a potential opportunity to modify how the tub is plumbed. I'm tall with back problems and would love to raise the on/off handles of the tub up a foot or so. If anyone could help me think up a low cost modification that could raise the handles of the tub to roughly the place i've indicated with the drawn red box, please let me know! 
So, weird situation. DIY related because I did most of the work myself and plan to use this extra material..
I've been working on finishing a basement and ended up hiring someone to do the drywall, partly because I was going away and didn't want to lose time and partly because to hell with drywall. Anyway, guy came out, gave us a quote, then sub contracted it to someone else. No big deal, the sub said we could have called him direct and saved money but I was just happy to have it done. So today the sanding gets finished up. I'm happy with the work, the sub was a nice guy, then the contractor comes and asks my wife if she wants to buy the extra drywall. To which she replies `haven't I already?` Long story short this guy wanted to sell us 4 sheets that we (in my opinion) already bought. I might have even considered paying for them, but he also didn't remove the scrap meaning I've got to pay to scrap quite a bit of excess (though I'm going to use as much as I can in other areas.) And like... 4 sheets? It was a 500 square ft space and we paid what I thought was a fair price.. is this normal practice? 
I had a metal roof installed last summer, and it developed pretty significant snow/ice buildup over the winter—probably because the pitch isn't as steep as it should be, despite regular roof raking. I'm looking for a heat strip/tape/cable option that works with exposed fastener roofs. My internet searching has only found options—specifically the fastener design—for shingle roofs, or commercial options that aren't really cost-effective for residential roofs. Do you have suggestions? My goal is to run the tape/cable/what have you along the bottom edge of the roof, covering a square foot or so back from the edge. I've already got heat cables in the gutters, so this would just be for the roof.
I have a gas powered push mower. I was trying to mow my lawn and after about a minute or two it just cut off on me. It didn't instantly die, but in the span of maybe 5-10 seconds it just kinda wound down like it was quickly losing power. I have fresh gas in it and the sparkplug & filter were replaced this spring. The mower itself is only 2-3 years old. Whenever I try and crank it, nothing really happens. It doesn't do that thing where it sounds like it's about to catch and then doesn't. It just spins and winds down from the force of me pulling the string. Any advice on how to diagnose what's going on and get it up and running would be appreciated.
I'm a marine electrician, so I'm no stranger to electrical work or working on live circuits when necessary. I just bought an older house and started experiencing some strange electrical behavior after a few weeks. After some testing, it seems one of the breakers in the main breaker pair isn't functioning properly. There's no disconnect on the meter to cut power to the panel, could there be any other way to disconnect power from the panel without involving the power company?
We recently replaced a very old entry door in an old house (b 1891) with a beautiful new fiberglass door. This included both the door and the framing. The installers overall have done a great job on multiple windows and doors in the house. However, a few hours after they left, we discovered that the new door opens approximately 1/2` deeper into the small vestibule, and bumps up against a bottom step that leads into the rest of the house. So the door cannot be opened fully (by about a 6` arc) because it is restricted by the step. Our old door definitely did open fully. Normally, this might not be a big deal, but the vestibule is very small - about 3' x 3', and has stairs leading into the basement on one side, and the above-mentioned set of 3 steps opposite the door, so we lose a significant portion of the opening area. I've attached a few photos. My question is two-fold - Should we hold the installer fully responsible for the error, and insist that they do what needs to be done to correct it? The installer performed all of the measurements, and it seems like they should have taken the distance from the frame to the steps into consideration and do you know what can be done, short of replacing the door with a smaller one? 
Groundbreaking and audacious, THE ACT OF KILLING pushes the boundaries of documentary by capturing a film-within-a-film as former death squad leaders re-enact their killings during the 1965-66 mass murders in Indonesia. The film focuses on Anwar Congo, self-confessed killer of over a thousand people, and a few of his friends, including a former executioner who flies in with his family for the movie shoot. Please explain how the film explores the following symbolic themes, providing visual descriptions of key scenes as necessary: MEMORY AND IDENTITY, PERFORMANCE AND REALITY, LANGUAGE AND PERCEPTION.
In the film THE ACT OF KILLING, Are the executioners responsible for how they view themselves when they are treated as national heroes? What kind of society and culture does the government create by shrouding their past and these men in mythology?
What if mankind’s first steps on the moon were actually made by a woman? David Sington and Heather Walsh’s heartbreaking what-if documentary MERCURY 13 laments the fact that this might have been the case had NASA not put a lid on the idea after discovering a secret women’s aerospace study was started in parallel to the official Mercury astronaut program. Why might have Jacqueline Cochran seemingly sabotaged William Lovelace’s women’s test program when she discussed it in court?
SILVANA welcomes us to the world of Swedish hip-hopper Silvana Imam. With a Lithuanian mother, Syrian father, and an upbringing mainly played out in the Swedish capital of Stockholm, Silvana Imam is a true Third Culture Kid, exposed to a variety of cultural influences that she moves between and beyond to create her own. She is also on a mission to overthrow the patriarchy, banish racism, and serve as a role model for LGBT youth—something she wished she had growing up. Why does Imam refer to herself as a power pussy? Is the term, used in this context, offensive, liberating, or both? Who decides which?
SILVANA welcomes us to the world of Swedish hip-hopper Silvana Imam. Many Swedish musicians use English as their creative language in order to reach an international audience. Although she peppers her songs with English, Arabic, and Lithuanian, Silvana primarily raps in Swedish. Why do you think is the reason behind her choice? Would her message be as powerful in English?
The film ZELIG (1983) is a fiction piece about a man who is able to change his appearance spontaneously. The film PRIMER (2004) is about a group of friends who invent a working time machine. Which of these films presents a more scientifically plausible scenario? Why?
Rewrite the lyrics of the song THE BLACK PARADE by MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE to instead be about a 7 year old visiting a nail salon for the first time, without altering the meter or rhyme structure (you can change the rhyming words). LYRICS: When I was a young boy \nMy father took me into the city \nTo see a marching band \nHe said, Son, when you grow up \nWould you be the savior of the broken \nThe beaten and the damned? \nHe said, Will you defeat them? \nYour demons, and all the non-believers \nThe plans that they have made? \nBecause one day, I'll leave you a phantom \nTo lead you in the summer \nTo join the black parade \nWhen I was a young boy \nMy father took me into the city \nTo see a marching band \nHe said, Son, when you grow up \nWould you be the savior of the broken \nThe beaten and the damned? \nSometimes I get the feelin' \nShe's watchin' over me \nAnd other times I feel like I should go \nAnd through it all, the rise and fall \nThe bodies in the streets \nAnd when you're gone, we want you all to know \nWe'll carry on, we'll carry on \nAnd though you're dead and gone, believe me \nYour memory will carry on \nWe'll carry on \nAnd in my heart, I can't contain it \nThe anthem won't explain it \nA world that sends you reelin' \nFrom decimated dreams \nYour misery and hate will kill us all \nSo paint it black and take it back \nLet's shout it loud and clear \nDefiant to the end, we hear the call \nTo carry on, we'll carry on \nAnd though you're dead and gone, believe me \nYour memory will carry on \nWe'll carry on \nAnd though you're broken and defeated \nYour weary widow marches \nOn and on, we carry through the fears \nOh, ah, ha \nDisappointed faces of your peers \nOh, ah, ha \nTake a look at me, 'cause I could not care at all \nDo or die, you'll never make me \nBecause the world will never take my heart \nGo and try, you'll never break me \nWe want it all, we wanna play this part \nI won't explain or say I'm sorry \nI'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scars \nGive a cheer for all the broken \nListen here, because it's who we are \nJust a man, I'm not a hero \nJust a boy, who had to sing this song \nJust a man, I'm not a hero \nI don't care \nWe'll carry on, we'll carry on \nAnd though you're dead and gone, believe me \nYour memory will carry on \nYou'll carry on \nAnd though you're broken and defeated \nYour weary widow marches, oh \nDo or die, you'll never make me \nBecause the world will never take my heart \nGo and try, you'll never break me \nWe want it all, we wanna play this part (we'll carry on) \nDo or die, you'll never make me (we'll carry on) \nBecause the world will never take my heart (we'll carry on) \nGo and try, you'll never break me (we'll carry on) \nWe want it all, we wanna play this part (we'll carry on!)
In the recently released film DEADPOOL AND WOLVERINE, I never expected to see Deadpool using Logans skeleton as a weapon. What are some similarly insane things that happened in the first two Deadpool movies?
As Amendment XIII states, “Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.” Yet, countless corporations have prisoners who have been put to work without pay as part of their sentencing. Is this fair? Steel-man the argument for both sides of the controversy.
The documentary film THE 13TH presents the American Legislative Exchange Council, better known as ALEC, as a coalition of corporate interests like Walmart and Verizon who introduce federal policies which arguably result in putting African Americans and immigrants behind bars in the interest of profiteering from the success of private prisons, surveillance, and prison labor. Does the film present a balanced view of ALEC? Why or why not?
THE REVOLUTIONARY OPTIMISTS focuses on the slums of Kolkata: the health issues people face, their back-breaking work in brickfields, and their hour-long treks to find fresh water. These realities are met with Ganguly’s positive, inspiring energy. Two children, Salim Sheikh and Sikha Patra, inspire real change in their community, lobbying for a water supply and putting their rung of society on the map of life. Provide a discourse on some of the major themes of the work, including FATE VS. WILL and CHILDREN CAN CHANGE THE FUTURE.
The great filmmaker Akira Kurosawa directed many masterworks, including RAN, THRONE OF BLOOD, RASHOMON, SEVEN SAMURAI, and IKIRU. Present a persuasive argument as to why each of these five films is the single best film of Kurosawa's career.
“It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife.” This first line of the novel PRIDE AND PREJUDICE has become one of the most famous in English literature. In addition to setting the narrative in motion, how does this line alert us to the tone of the novel, and our role, as readers, in appreciating it? What does the line imply about women?
In the novel PRIDE AND PREJUDICE, How are Elizabeth’s wit and intelligence and independence first made clear in the novel? In what ways, during the course of the novel, is she the victim of her own intellect and independence? Are these features eventually responsible for her happy ending?
In the novel JANE EYRE, Why does Bronte juxtapose Jane's musings about women's social restraints with the mysterious laugh that Jane aributes to Grace Poole (p. 125-26)?
In the novel JANE EYRE, after Mason's visit to Thornfield, Jane asks herself, `What crime was this, that lived incarnate in this sequestered mansion, and could neither be expelled nor subdued by the owner?` (p. 237). What crime does Bertha represent? Why does Rochester keep her at Thornfield?
In the novel LOLITA, Why might Nabokov have chosen to name his protagonist `Humbert Humbert`? Does the name’s parodic double rumble end up distancing us from its owner’s depravity? Is it harder to take evil seriously when it goes under an outlandish name? What uses, comic and poetic, does Nabokov make of this name in the course of Lolita? 
In the novel LOLITA, Humbert’s confession is written in an extraordinary language. It is by turns colloquial and archaic, erudite and stilted, florid and sardonic. It is studded with French expressions, puns in several other languages, and allusions to authors from Petrarch to Joyce. Is this language merely an extension of Nabokov’s own–which the critic Michael Wood describes as `a fabulous, freaky, singing, acrobatic, unheard-of English` (Michael Wood, The Magician’s Doubts: Nabokov and the Risks of Fiction. Princeton: Princeton University Press, 1995, p. 5.) –or is Humbert’s language appropriate to his circumstances and motives? In what way does it obfuscate as much as it reveals? And if Humbert’s prose is indeed a veil, at what points is this veil lifted and what do we glimpse behind it?
In the novel LOLITA, In the early stages of his obsession Humbert sees Lolita merely as a new incarnation of Annabel, even making love to her on different beaches as he tries to symbolically consummate his earlier passion. In what other ways does Humbert remain a prisoner of the past? Does he ever succeed in escaping it? Why is Lolita singularly impervious to the past, to the extent that she can even shrug off the abuse inflicted on her by both Humbert and Quilty?
In the novel LOLITA, What makes Charlotte Haze so repugnant to Humbert? Does the author appear to share Humbert’s antagonism? Does he ever seem to criticize it? In what ways does Charlotte embody the Russian word poshlust which Nabokov translated as `not only the obviously trashy but also the falsely important, the falsely beautiful, the falsely clever, the falsely attractive?` (Cited by Alfred Appel, Jr., in The Annotated Lolita. New York: McGraw-Hill, 1970, pp. xlix-1.)
In the novel LOLITA, Before Humbert actually beds his nymphet, there is an extraordinary scene, at once rhapsodic, repulsive, and hilarious, in which Humbert excites himself to sexual climax while a (presumably) unaware Lolita wriggles in his lap. How is this scene representative of their ensuing relationship? What is the meaning of the sentence `Lolita had been safely solipsized` [p. 60], `solipsism` being the epistemological theory that the self is the sole arbiter of `reality`? Is all of Lolita the monologue of a pathological solipsist who is incapable of imagining any reality but his own or of granting other people any existence outside his own desires?
In the novel INVISIBLE MAN, What makes Ellison’s narrator invisible? What is the relationship between his invisibility and other people’s blindness–both involuntary and willful? Is the protagonist’s invisibility due solely to his skin color? Is it only the novel’s white characters who refuse to see him?
In the novel INVISIBLE MAN, Is the reader meant to identify with the narrator? To sympathize with him? How do you think Ellison himself sees his protagonist?
In the novel INVISIBLE MAN, Throughout the novel the narrator gives speeches, or tries to give them, to audiences both black and white, at venues that range from a whites-only `smoker` to the funeral of a black street vendor murdered by the police. What role does oratory–and, more broadly, the spoken word–play in Invisible Man?
In the novel INVISIBLE MAN, Throughout the book the narrator encounters a number of white benefactors, including a millionaire college trustee, an amiable playboy, and the professional agitator Brother Jack. What does the outcome of these relationships suggest about the possibility of friendship or cooperation between the races?
In the novel THE TRIAL, K.’s landlady, Frau Grubach, seems to know quite a bit about his arrest. Whose side do you think she’s on? What does K. think? What do we learn about K.’s private life in this chapter? about his neighbors in the boarding house? When Frau Grubach calls into question Frauelein Burstner’s morality, K. exclaims “if you want to run a clean house, you’ll have to start by giving me notice.” Why? And why does he “assault” Fraulein Burstner, a woman he hardly knows, lapping at her face like a “thirsty animal” and planting a long “vampire” kiss on her throat?
In the novel THE TRIAL, How is K. summoned to his first inquiry? By whom? Describe the part of the city and the strange building in which it takes place. What are the social conditions of the people living here? Describe the meeting that takes place in the large hall and what K. gradually learns about the Court. K. accuses the examining magistrate of giving secret signals to someone in the audience; is this true? What happens to the washerwoman? How would you characterize K.’s frame of mind when he leaves the assembly?
In the novel THE TRIAL, What do we learn about K.’s family based on his discussions with his uncle? Why is his uncle worried about K.’s trial? K. and his uncle visit the lawyer Huld in the evening; the maid Leni greets them with a candle and takes them into Huld’s dark bedroom, where he is sick in bed. How do these physical details set the scene for K.’s legal defense? Why is K. disturbed to learn that Huld seems to be informed about his trial? Comment on the swiftness with which K. and Leni develop an intimate relationship. What do you make of her webbed hand and of K.’s description of it as “a pretty claw”? What does the uncle think of K.’s liaison with Leni and its effect on his trial?
In the novel THE TRIAL, At the beginning of this chapter K. seems ready to dismiss his lawyer. What does he discover in Huld’s house that makes him doubt his decision? How does K. behave toward the merchant Block? How do Leni and Huld treat him? What distinguishes K. from Block? Will he look and act like Block at a later stage in his trial? Can K. count on Leni’s support?
Why is Vladimir appalled in Waiting for Godot, Act 1 (Estragon and Vladimir) and what does it mean in the context of the play? 
What does Vladimir mean by a man `blaming on his boots the faults of his feet` in Waiting for Godot, Act 1 (Estragon and Vladimir)? 
In Waiting for Godot, Act 1 (Estragon and Vladimir) why does Estragon say, `People are bloody ignorant apes`? 
What is the significance of Vladimir and Estragon's reaction when they examine Lucky in Waiting for Godot, Act 1 (Lucky and Pozzo Arrive)?
In the novel ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, Why is Macondo so isolated from the rest of Colombia? What impact does this have on Macondo? What impact does it have on the residents of this town? What impact does it have on the Buendia family? What role do the gypsies play in this? How do they become the thing that links Macondo to the outside world? 
In the novel ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, Why does Garcia Marquez make repeated use of the `Many years later` formula? In what ways does this establish a continuity among past, present, and future? What expectations does it provoke? How do linear time and cyclical time function in the novel?
In the novel ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, What is Melquiades's role and that of his innovations, explorations, and parchments? What is the significance of the `fact` that Melquiades `really had been through death, but he had returned because he could not bear the solitude`? Who else returns, and why?
In the novel ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF SOLITUDE, How do geography and topography -- mountains, swamps, river, sea, etc. -- affect Macondo's history, its citizens' lives, and the novel's progression?
What are the most important themes in the novel GRAVITY'S RAINBOW? Summarize the key events of the story as if you were a Freudian analyst explaining the book to a patient you suspect of being a paranoid schizophrenic.
Why did Pablo Picasso abandon his blue period style? What followed his blue period, and how was it received? Answer the question in an alternate universe where Picasso (ahistorically) paints Guernica in 1907.
Describe the key aesthetic elements of Picasso's early work, DEATH OF CASAGEMAS; compare them to his later work CRUCIFIXION.
`Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana`. Use this joke as a transition into the discussion of Zeno's paradox. Conclude your response with an ascii art depiction of an arrow.
“Over the past few years, you might have noticed that an increasingly worrying number of social media users are actually bots imitating humans. They’re usually fairly easy to spot, but avoiding them altogether is virtually impossible. Well, a new social media app called Aspect takes all the guesswork out of the equation with a platform that solely consists of you and AI. “Experience social media reimagined,” reads its short description on the App Store. “No human users – just you and AIs. Connect with AIs like never before.” On its face, the app is a fairly simplistic Instagram knockoff, complete with a feed full of photos. The big difference is that all of the users aren’t real. You can post your own photos and receive comments from all of your AI friends or comment on their posts. You can also start private DMs to have a conversation with any of the AI users in your feed. Do you think this business will succeed? Why or why not?
I want to invite a friend from Central America to stay by me and visit Italy as a tourist. My friend is a non-EU national and does not need a visa to enter the Schengen Area. Since Madrid is a major transit hub for flights from Central America, my friend's flight will likely land there first. Spain requires an invitation letter (carta de invitación) for this purpose. However, I am an Italian citizen and not a Spanish resident, so I cannot provide a Spanish invitation letter. Additionally, even if I could provide one, the letter would need to specify the address where my friend will stay in Spain, which is not applicable since they will only be in Spain for a layover at the airport. I was expecting this to be a very common issue with solutions, but I couldn't find any. Is there a solution? 
I recently applied for an IDP from the Automobile Association of India for my trip to Japan, and they issued me a booklet one too. My issue is that all my documents, but my driving license are on my latest address. Specifically, the address on my DL is of my previous residence but my IDP (and passport too) is on my latest residence. Really not sure if I will be able to rent a car with this IDP in Japan or not. Can they argue that the address of DL and IDP should match? Heard that they really strict with the guidelines in Japan.
I have applied for and obtained two F-1 visa just recently. The firs instance, I obtained the visa because I thought my health ,predicament wasnt so serious and I would be able to make it in time. Unfortunately, I couldnt resume for my studies, and I had to book a surgery appointment to take care of my health. The surgery was done and I applied for another visa in April with the hope that I will travel in July. However, it turns out that there were complications and the aftermath was that I will need another surgery this August. This means I wouldnt be able to travel again. I have full scholarship on those occassions. Again, and at this moment, I have another full scholarship from a different school. If my doctor checked my health going forward and approved that I am now fit to continue my study, Can I proceed to get another F1 visa? I heard from sources that you can not be given another chances to get a visa if you have been given visas on two different cases and you didnt use it. and that it doesnt matter if i am qualified or not? I am afraid of wasting my time having heard this.
Multiple countries have differing ages, and citizens are considered to have reached the majority age and thus can travel without parental authorization. In most countries, the age is 18, but in the country I live in, it's 19, and if you are below that age, then you will need parental authorization to travel from my country to another one. But what if I traveled to a country like the UK, where the majority age is 18, from my country and I needed parental authorization to do so, now I'm in the UK and planning to travel to a country like Malaysia, where the majority age is also 18. Will I need parental authorization or not?
I'm planning a trip to Italy and Croatia. Can someone please help with understanding Immigration checks when traveling from Venice to Zagrab by bus? I will be on multiple entry Schengen visa I will be entering Schengen area on Rome Airport, after 5/6 days of stay in Italy, i'm planning to use Bus transport(cheapest option i could find) from Italy to Zagreb, Croatia. I saw that bus goes from Venice, Italy -> Ljubljana, Slovenia -> Zagreb, Croatia. Will there be any immigration check while crossing these counties border's? 
I had two liquid containers of 1 and 0.5 liters and thought I'd have to empty both of them before security. The guy there told me there were no restrictions on liquids and I could just bring them. I've never experienced this in the EU before. As a matter of fact, I recall restrictions on liquids while flying from Munich just a few weeks ago. Does Frankfurt have some special kind of machine that sniffs for explosives in the liquids or something? How do they get to allow the liquids, unlike other EU airports?
USA green card holder here, will be traveling back to the US soon on an international flight from my home country. I bought maybe 30 somethings rolls of finger tape -- really inexpensive, you could get maybe 15 rolls of them with 1 USD, I just cant really find it in the US. I don't plan on selling them, it's purely for my own use. but they're all packaged separately in plastic and I'm scared customs will open my luggage and throw it out suspecting I'm selling it. Does anyone know if that would be the case, and how would I be able to eliminate suspicion?
I am a non-EU citizen in France and have a valid residence titre de séjour that expired. I have had multiple renewals before so this is not my first time to have my residence permit renewed. I have a temporary Récépissé de Demande de Carte de Séjour paper which states that my card is being renewed, together with my expired titre de séjour card. The problem is that I left France through Zurich and the passport agent said that leaving is fine, but if I come back on my return flight, I need an actual return visa, and that paper won't be valid. From my research this is only true if you're a first time renewer. But I am not, so why did she say that to me? My whole holiday is now ruined and my whole family is stressing. I have no idea what to do, and no time to even apply for any visa was it a mistake on the agent's part?
Since some countries ask you to disclose convictions, would speeding tickets (United States) be included? I ask this because most people have received multiple speeding tickets throughout their life, and probably don't remember them all. Making this worse is that many countries require authorization to travel there (not to be confused with a full visa), usually applied for online. Some of these ask for criminal history or past convictions, but do not give you a chance to explain exactly what the offense was, and automatically deny you. However, the laws for these countries usually (if not always) do not consider a speeding ticket grounds to deny entry. This leads to a situation where you have three options: One, saying `yes` and definitely get denied (if it is all digital) Two, saying `no` and risk getting denied for `lying`, especially in countries that the US shares records with, even if it isn't technically a lie, just a misunderstanding. Or three, spend extra money and time getting a full visa with interviews, etc. How would I go about answering conviction/criminal records questions on ETA or arrival cards if I don't remember when and where all of my speeding/traffic tickets were?
I am a UK citizen and was refused an ESTA almost 10 years ago due to answering a security question incorrectly. I subsequently applied for, and was granted, a US visa. Can I apply for an ESTA when my current visa expires? I have a new UK passport and new number. I only travel to the US on holiday, so don’t I need or want a visa, if I can avoid getting one.
Avelo Airlines operates a once-a-week round-trip flight between New Haven (HVN) and Traverse City (TVC), and I recently flew to & from TVC this way. On the return flight, it was announced that several bags had not been loaded onto the plane, and that we should talk to an Avelo agent if our bags were missing after all luggage had been unloaded. My suitcase did thankfully make it onto the plane, but I was wondering how the delayed bags would be returned to their owners in this situation. In the past, the few times my bags have been mishandled, they were basically put on the next flight and brought to my hotel/home within 24–48 hours. But Avelo only operates flights to & from TVC once a week. Would passengers whose luggage was mishandled on this flight be forced to wait a week to get their bags back? Or do airlines have inter-line agreements to transport each others' mishandled baggage in situations like this?
I am Nepalese citizen and hold Nepalese passport. I am flying from Tokyo to Kathmandu(Nepal) by Sichuan Airlines. I have a layover period of 12 hours 30 min at Chengdu Tianfu international airport (China). Do I need a transit visa?
My wife is a Belgian citizen and I am a Pakistani citizen living in Belgium with my wife. I have EU family status here. Can we travel to Mexico without a visa for 10 days?
I’m a European academic researcher in the humanities (philosophy, philology) and I’m thinking of planning two short research trips (< 1 week) to consult ancient manuscripts in the near future (maybe 2025). One trip is to the Russian National Library in St. Petersburg (Russia), the other to libraries in NYC and Philadelphia (USA). (So far I don't have an institution backing my book project, so I think I'd be travelling privately.) Do you have suggestions about the best order in which I should visit the US and Russia? The order is up to me and my priority would be to travel safe. In tense times, I worry that visiting the US could make it more difficult to enter Russia shortly after, or vice versa – drawing the wrong kind of attention from border authorities.
One gets a delivery certificate (`attestation de remise`) (specimen) upon retrieving a new French passport. Is there any point in keeping the delivery certificate?
I am from India and we are planning to visit Singapore. I would like to know, what would be the procedure(legal) to travel to Malaysia from Singapore. I would like to know if I hold a valid Singapore visa(travel) and would also like to go to Malaysia via road(bus), will it be legal for me to just get on a bus to Malaysia and just show Indian Passport when asked?
I just tried taking my bicycle on the Jadrolinija ferry from Zadar to Preko but they wouldn't allow me to bring it. Are there any other of the islands outside Zadar to which a ferry company will let me bring a bicycle?
Biohacking, particularly the self administration of genetic modification tools such as CRISPR, has become somewhat popular in recent years with advancements in genetic engineering technology. While this technology is robustly regulated in the lab the only law I can find that limits personal use in any way is a 2019 California law requiring “the kit is not for self-administration” label for the relatively cheap DIY kits. Are there any legal restrictions where applying such kits to oneself would be legal but doing so to ones pet would be illegal?
There is a youtube video about data collection by cars. They suggest the solution of removing the SIM card from your car. They address some technical problems, such as getting access to the SIM card, losing functionality and not getting software updates. They do not address any legal issues. I am aware that making some modifications to your car is illegal. Insurance companies require one to make them aware of `modifications`, and failure to do so could invalidate ones insurance not allowing one to legally drive the car. I think some changes that affect safety or emissions may be illegal, and there are laws about defeating technical restrictions on one's own devices. Is it legal to remove the SIM card from your car, either directly or by invalidating ones insurance? I am in the UK, the linked video appears to be principally focused on the US. Answers from any jurisdiction would be interesting.
If I had an intimidating neighbour that frequently stood their side of our garden fence staring at me and my family whilst we were in the garden (or even at times in the house), would it be legal for me to capture the behaviour on camera (either still or video)? What if, rather than in their garden, they were standing in their house watching us through their window?
Suicide is legal in the United States. Are police allowed to do things they would not have normally been able to do if not for the situation (e.g. tackling the attempter to prevent him from falling)? If so, how are they allowed to prevent a legal action?
I am an employee of a nonprofit (501C3) museum that sells merchandise to help us expand our reach to the public. My question is: If someone (an employee or guest) donates items for the museum to sell, can we do that? For example, a local man brought us several of his books at no cost to us, with the intent of us selling them and collecting the proceeds to expand our reach. Does this violate our nonprofit status? He does not wish to be compensated for his donation.
I’ve realized that my current job isn’t a good fit due to a toxic work culture, high stress, inadequate compensation, and leadership issues. I am 100% certain that I will be leaving; it’s just a matter of time. To clarify, I’m not in an at-will employment situation. I’ve started looking for a new job and I am currently interviewing with other companies. Additionally, someone in my network has mentioned that he may be able to offer me a position at his company. I’m considering informing my manager of my decision so that we can reassign some of my tasks. This could help reduce my stress, protect my mental health, and avoid complications if I start a project and then leave unexpectedly. It might also address some of the bullying, as my impending departure could reduce their leverage. I believe this approach would benefit both me and the company. Do you think this is a reasonable plan, or should I consider a different strategy?
I took myself to rehab a few months back because I needed help with recovery. I selected the place I went to because I was told it was in network and only $150 to go. I don't even think it was malicious, I think the person was just ignorant. I mean, I hope so anyway. I was misled. Deeply. And it was part of a high pressure pitch to get me there immediately. Do I have any kind of legal recourse here, or is it all my fault for allowing myself to be misled? 
We just found out today that someone stole my mother’s life savings (about $35k) and we are just desperate to figure out what to do. We went to the bank and they said they’ll try to recover it, but ultimately not to hold our breath. We were also told that detectives don’t work on the weekend so there’s no help there. We’re in the process of changing her email and she is just done and overwhelmed, and I feel horrible because I can’t help. My mother is really close to me and I’m beside myself watching her suffer. Has this happened to anyone else? What did you do? How can I help?
A year or so ago my dad was complaining about bad knees. He went to the doctor and they told him he was just old and it’s normal pains. My dad was convinced this was not normal and pushed the DR for an MRI. The doctor begrudgingly gave him one and off he went. There was never a call or any sort of notice after the MRI so my dad assumed everything was fine. Cut to present day, my dad has been doing light exercises, eating better, and overall health improvements; but his knee still hurts. He calls the doctor saying his knee hurts and his doctor nervously mentions that last years MRI showed that the jelly/cartilage in my dad’s knees has degraded to the point where surgery is required (like urgently within the next few days). When my dad inquired why he wasn’t told sooner, the dr pretty much just said he forgot. Now my dad has to try to figure out this whole surgery situation while packing for a business trip across the globe tomorrow. There’s gotta be some legal grounds for suing or something here right?
I went to the doctor for a UTI/bacterial vaginal infection. I didn’t end up having one. However, when I spoke to the nurse and told her of my absent sexual activity, she decided to test me for trichomonas anyway. I understand that some people lie, but I don’t care if anyone knows I did or did not have sex. I care about getting proper medical care When I found out she was going to order I told the provider I not to do it do it because it would be negative. They said she had already done it and it was too late, and indeed it was negative. Can they still charge me for this? I never gave them consent to test me for this and we had discussed the length of my current situation.
My wife is a breastfeeding mother. She interviewed for a role that would require her to visit people’s home and provide therapy. She was offered the position and accepted the offer. Her start date was Tuesday the 20th and she received all the training material needed for the job. On Thursday the 15th she spoke with HR discussing how her need to pump milk would be accommodated as she needs to pump every 3 hours. She was told they would look into it and get back to her. Today she was sent an email stating that they will not be moving forward with the offer as they cannot accommodate her need to pump. She had already given her current employer notice and today was supposed to be her last day. We are pretty sure this violates the pregnancy and disability act in California. Would this be something to pursue legally?
My mom recently passed, and named a friend the personal representative. The rep HATES me because me and my mom have been estranged, so she is determined to deny me of request. One of them was a private viewing; I had no say in the funeral arrangements and wanted a private viewing but that was refused. She told me too that if I do not show up to the funeral then i forfeit everything on the will and she will make sure I receive nothing. I couldn’t find any law that states this, no previous situations like mine, and there’s nothing in the will that says I have to be at the funeral. Can she as the personal rep do this? Can the attorney she hire enforce this? 
I am a registered nurse (RN) based in the state of Arkansas, I have recently found myself in a VERY difficult and delicate situation with a long list of issues, I am on mobile so please forgive the formatting. I work in a walk-in PCP clinic, it is a very small office run by 2 nurse practitioners, myself, and a unlicensed receptionist. I had asked for time off of work last Friday (08/09/2024), to attend the funeral of my FIL which occured on (08/12/2024). I worked until 12PM that day and then left to attend the funeral, everything seemed fine before I left (aside from grouchy attitude from both NPs). I worked 8-5PM the next day (08/13/2024), then on Wednesday (08/14/2024) while working on collecting notes for a Prior Authorization for Ozempic on a patient I had noticed when they were seen on (08/12/2024) I came across part of the note that stated I had administered an intramuscular (IM) injection to said patient. This patient was seen 4+ hours after I had left the office. I was so confused, shocked, and stunned at that note I had no idea what to do with it and left it be to gather myself. I went through the charts the NPs had accessed and I went through each of them to verify what I had seen, between the 2 NPs that run the clinic I found 5 charts between them that had my name written out as if I was there to have given IM injections, another one failed to document the fact a patient had received IM injection(s) but was written into the superbill. I have already submitted a formal complaint on this matter, but it doesn't quite end there. When I had sent a text to the receptionist on that Monday night (08/12/2024) asking her how the day went she explained to me it was incredibly busy, so much so the 2 NPs made her start giving IM injections and performing swabs (like COVID/Strep/Flu tests), along with an EMT who is friends with said NPs that was enlisted to assist. I've already sought some council with some experienced nurses I know, I've went ahead and filed the formal complaint with state boards, and I have intentions to speak with the clinic CPA to verify my days off where I was not present within the clinic. I fully intend on speaking with a lawyer about this but as of this post (08/17/2024) it's Saturday and all the offices are closed that are nearest to me. I also want to know which ones would be best to speak with, malpractice? Medicare & Medicaid specialty? Business? Any and all advice is greatly welcome as I'm trying my hardest to protect myself as a person and my license that I've had for the last 3 years. I am in Arkansas so I am fully aware that I'm in a `Right to Work` state and understand I can be fired any time for any or no reasoning. I'm just worried for myself and want/need anything I can grab on to so I can ensure my future.
I am a 29 year old female with a 10 year old son. Back in 2016 when my son was 2 my mother apparently filed a motion and was granted joint custody. I have never done drugs, never been arrested, took care of my child and have always been financially in a secure enough place to provide for a child. I have never been an unfit parent or had any type of CPS involvement. Nothing has ever deemed me unfit and I have always to my knowledge had full custody. (His father is incarcerated) she has occasionally helped baby sit while I worked. My mother has a lot of mental issues and I am in the process or buying a house and she keeps saying things to me like “he’s not living with you I have just as much legal say over him as you he’s living with me and you won’t know where my new apartment is” and other nonsense such as that. Her mental health has slowly been deteriorating these past few years so I never took it seriously until I went to court and looked at all the paperwork and she had filed a motion back in 2016 and was granted joint custody…I was NEVER present or made aware of this and surely did not sign any paperwork! How could this be possible? I’ll be demanding answers first thing Monday morning at the court house but I am so distraught over all of this. My mother is now making threats to “legally” kidnap my son because of her untreated mental illness and somehow years ago the court approved of it without my consent.
Today I was knocked to the ground, briefly unconscious from a 200 lb umbrella. The incident is on video (2 different angles according to the owner). I am ten weeks pregnant and when to the ER to make sure I didn’t have a brain bleed. They diagnosed me with a concussion. I have a high deductible health plan and will likely be charged a considerable amount for these services. I went back to the restaurant to file an accident report. The owner said she had all of the footage and took down my info but said I would need to engage a lawyer to contact her insurance company. Is there any chance of recouping the medical cost? Any advice? I badly hurt my shoulder and am keeping it immobilized for now because I’m not willing to have more radiation. What should I do?
We have a small construction company in a small town. Several months ago a new construction business started advertising in the same little publication that we advertise in (pretty much every business in town advertises in it). Their logo is in not identical to ours, but it’s very similar. So similar that a client of ours asked if it was another division of our business. I’m kind of pissed. There is already a different business that has a similar logo to ours, and people we know have commented on that. We’ve been around and had our logo longer than these other two businesses. It seems weird. Especially in a small town. Is there anything we could do, or should do? Or just ignore it? I guess our logo is pretty great since everyone is trying to copy it?
Context before I start: We live in Texas. Story: My brother, me, and mother drove two and a half hours to the Alpha Romero dealership. My brother has an Alpha Romero quadrofolio. If you like cars, you know this one is a gem. He had an 8 am oil change appointment. We were at the dealership for 2 and a half hours. Very miserable. We left our house at 5 am. The car oil change was roughly $500!!!! We drove 45 min to my sister’s house on the highway once the oil change was completed. We made it to my sister's house with no problems. The car was in great shape and the inspection came out completely normal. He has the receipt and what was done during the service. We had also come to the area for my nephew's birthday party. We were at my sisters house for about an hour to help her bring the decor to the venue. When we got ready to leave, he backed up the car and pulled out for my sister to move her car. His car stopped. It would not turn back on. It was done. So we panic, we have a time limit at the venue. We had to leave him to call a tow truck and figure out what was happening. Keep in mind it's 100 degrees in Texas right now. Later, he checks the dipstick… there is zero oil on it. He was sweating… he called the agency, and they sent a tow truck. He misses the party. When he gets there… no manager. The workers say, he has to wait until MONDAY for them to look at it. Again, we live 2 hours away! They tried to make him pay for the tow truck when he got there. He refused and they ended up paying for it and his uber to get to our party which was 45 minutes away from the agency. If he stays until Monday, he will miss work. At this point we agree we may have a case. The question is, how can he best handle this situation so he is ready on Monday to confront the manager. (he has pictures of the empty dipstick, and they did not want to get him a loaner vehicle).
Hello! My family member was selling a vacant property. They selected a listing agent who lives nearby and his friends ended up bringing a cash offer, which was accepted. The buyers asked if they could move in before closing. They were told explicitly and in writing that they could not. The property is a new build and has never been lived in. The buyers then asked to push the closing date back. My family member refused. On the date the closing was meant to happen, my family member went to the property to find the realtor had changed to sign from ‘under offer’ to sold and the house was full of possessions - furniture in every room, cars in the garage. They even let the dog pee in a closet. The closing did not happen at all and my family member has taken the house off the market. The sellers said they couldn’t close on the agreed upon day and never transferred funds. My family member called a removal company to get everything out. The “buyers” were out of the country but obviously were never given permission to move anything in. Neighbours reported the furniture was moved a week before the closing was supposed to happen. My family member is seeking damages through the court as they had to pay a removal company to take all of their possessions and they damaged what was a brand new house. Buyers claim the realtor gave them the keys so they aren’t liable for anything and realtor hasn’t responded. My question is - what else can we do? Is there a professional association the realtor should be reported to? If we bomb their reviews, would this affect a suit? What about contacting the other sellers who have listings with this person. Is it advisable? This happened in the state of Florida, where my family member lives. I am located outside of the US.
Got into an accident in July. Ended up with a citation and communicating with the police officer via text message, but they told me the next day they were voiding my citation. They told me I could disregard it, so I tore it up and threw it away.. The other day I get a thing in the mail from the court, saying I'm getting a default judgement (?) I don't know this lingo.. I've never been in trouble of any kind before.. I've never even been pulled over for any reason. On top of everything this new thing is a 150 dollar fine. I call the court, they asked if I had proof that the officer said they would void the citation. I do, so I send a screenshot of the very-clear text message to them, they say they'll have to forward it to the officer to see if it can still be voided. Then I get something from the state saying about my conviction and how I would be getting 2 points on my license and have to take a driving course if I chose in order to have that stuff removed from my record and keep them from divulging it to car insurance companies. My question is, for whatever reason, this officer didn't void the citation. Can they go back on their word now, even with me having crystal clear proof of them saying they would void it and I could disregard it? Will it affect my record still, since it's already been sent to the state? I'm so confused. I thought everything was done and over with. I don't want to get a lawyer but would if I have to.
17 year old sibling was killed in ohio at a gas station with my step father. They have already arrested the suspect with giving him a 1.5 mil bond, hopefully unattainable. However how were these news agencies able to legally use the 911 call of my father in shock telling them my sibling has been shot, and releasing my underage sibling name within hours without any consent?
Location: WA, USA. Snohomish county. My child (aged between 13 and 18) has been receiving texts from an unknown number (edit to clarify, it's a number we don't recognize, not a number shown as `unknown`) lately who is claiming to be a stalker, said a few vaguely threatening things, and apparently knows a little about my child. This person has claimed to be different ages, including once claiming to be significantly older and wanting to groom my child. I assume it's either a friend of theirs with an alternate phone number or a friend of a friend that's just goofing off. I know my child and their friends have a tendency to pester 2nd degree contacts for fun. But since there's some history of other kids bullying mine, and this person just keeps claiming to be a stalker, I don't want to just ignore the situation if it continues without figuring out who this person is. I imagine if it's a fellow kid, if I hit up the number myself to tell this person to identify themself in a believable way, citing the texts where they said they were an adult that wants to groom a minor, and threaten to go to the police, that they'll come clean. Unless they won't. What's realistic to expect and to assert here? If it's kids being dumb kids (the most likely situation, IMO), fine; as a denizen of the early Internet, I get it. If it's not, though, I don't want to make any dumb choices that cause more problems than they solve.
We were the rear vehicle in a 5 car pileup during a rainstorm on I-5 in Washington state. The vehicle in front of us and the one in front of them left immediately. We did not get their license plate. We stayed, talked to the state troopers and exchanged information with the remaining drivers. We’ve just discovered that the police report pins it on us even though the front 2 had already hit each other and the rest of us just couldn’t stop in time. Do we need to retain counsel? Or should we just wait to see how the insurance stuff falls out?
My girlfriend was recently struck by a canopy while working at an event setup gig. The canopy blew away in the wind, hit her, and caused a gash on her head. Her boss is driving her to the hospital right now — no sign of a concussion, but it hasn’t been ruled out as of yet. I’d like to be a little better informed on how she could get compensation (medical bill reimbursement, etc) for this. Dealing with legal things alone has really stressed her out in the past. Does anyone have advice on what she should do right now and moving forward? Would her employer be obligated to cover her medical bills? The vendor whose canopy hit her? I just want to be able to help her on this front — so really any information/tips/explanations would be so very appreciated 🙏🏼 (Note: this happened in Washington state)
My grandmother passed away recently, and we are in the process of executing the estate. I was told before her passing that I would be entitled to a cut of the money from the sale of her house, and now, going over her will, we discovered that she has put conditions for me and the grandchildren to get the money, only getting parts of the money for each condition met. My issue, is that the conditions seem strange and unenforceable. The first condition is that I must read a set religious books as well as the bible (she was aware that that would conflict with my religious beliefs) within a 8 week time period (Not sure how the time limit works, as there's no concrete deadline. It only vaguely says 8 weeks) , but I don't understand how this could be enforced? How could they possibly verify I read anything and didn't just read summaries? What if I don't have the time to do it? I'll do it if it's the only way I can receive the money,but it just doesn't seem like an enforceable condition to me, especially demanding that I read books which I am religiously opposed to. The second and more concerning condition is that she demands that 10% of of my inheritance needs to go towards tithing. The wording is vague as to where exactly the money needs to be tithed, but the implication is that it would go to a church, which I have big ethical issues with. Can it be donated over time to amount to 10%? Do I have to take a 10% cut and give to a church as soon as i receive the money? Is it even enforceable to demand I donate the money after it is in my possession? Wouldn't she have to have committed that money to charity in the will directly and not direct the beneficiaries to donate that money to a church? Is this legal? Thank you in advance for the help. This whole experience has been confusing and stressful. I am California based, if that changes the legality around this at all.
Twenty years ago when I was 18, and immediately following my father's divorce and suicide, my mother moved my brother (16) and I into a condo in a small, sixteen-unit condominium complex in Northeast Ohio from our previous two-story home near Columbus. Our neighbors were about half retirees, half middle-aged single adults in their late 30's and 40's, and one or two families with one or two minor children. We both attended high-school and college in the area, and I lived there, at least while not living on campus or out of state, until I got married at 28. My wife and I rented an apartment from a large 100-unit apartment complex that just happened to be located directly across the street from our small condo complex, and so we continued to visit the condo, either to host larger parties, work out of the larger garage if necessary, or to spend time with family. Five years ago my wife and I started having kids, of which we now have three, ranging from 1 month old to 5 years old. After the second kid our small apartment was getting cramped, and my mother was getting remarried, so we decided to buy the condo from her last year. Not only was it more affordable because it was a condo, but I've lived here since I was a kid and I've personally handled nearly all of the tens of thousands in maintenance costs over the years, due to my work as a contractor, so it's already been modified to our preferences. A few months after my mother moved out, we got notice that the board of our 16-unit HOA received a request to convert to an over 55 community and that they were running it by their attorney. I had never heard of this before, but it appears that it's legal to convert if at least 80% of the units have a resident over age 55. With some basic online sleuthing, I was able to determine that due to the younger 30 and 40-something owners moving out or selling over the last 5-10 years, we are now the only unit out of 16 with owners under age 55 (my wife and I both turn 40 next year). We believe the board here was waiting to enact this change as three of the owners are exactly 55 and they would need to have waited for them to cross the 55-year-old threshold in order to move ahead with qualifying for this. Despite the owners ages, two owners presently have children. One has a 24 year old adult daughter, and one has a 10 year old minor kid. At least 3-4 owners are in their 80's and 90's. Anyway, long story short, we received a second notice that they meet all the legal requirements and the HUD survey, and are going to go ahead and vote on this change. They won't tell us who initiated this change, or even why, instead telling us that we can submit our concerns in writing and the HOA attorney will reply. No owners meeting will be held, only a board vote, and all board members are 60-80 years old with no kids. Since we're the only owners under 55 we believe it is almost certain to pass. We filed a long list of concerns with the board including our view that even if we're allowed to remain living here, it will noticeably reduce the property and resell value, our kids may not be allowed to host birthday parties or have friends over anymore, and most importantly, may not be allowed to play in the front or back yards, or anywhere outside our walls, which are all technically common areas. The yards here are un-partitioned and stretch for roughly 100 yards, undivided, behind and in front of the units. My brother and I must have played in these yards with our friends thousands of times over the years. Unfortunately as the years have gone by and our neighbors have moved out and been replaced by older residents, we've gradually received more complaints about noise, parking, and most recently, our new 58 year old neighbor this summer came running out of her house screaming at us and our kids because she said they had touched her flowers and if they did it again she was going to `beat their ass`. That being said, I believe in all honesty that we are as a whole generally quieter and more well-behaved than the average family of five. My kids keep to themselves and mostly stay directly behind or in front of our own unit, with minimal screaming. We both work from home and have monitored them all day at times to verify this. Would it be legal to restrict our children's use of the yard in such a way? At this choice I feel we have no choice but to hire an attorney, but from my past few weeks of online research, it actually appears that this is a legal form of age discrimination even if we lived here prior to the over 55 conversion. As a gambit end-run around this potential outcome, I deeded all of my children fractional shares in the condo so that they are now also property owners, but I fear the designation of all outside space as common areas places this out of my control and we're going to be at the mercy of a handful of grumpy old people who are perhaps tired of seeing and hearing our kids. Does anyone have any experience with anything like this? I mean I could totally understand if the community started as a retirement community but to have the rug swept out from under our feet like this with our childhood home feels terrible. It's exceptionally difficult to find any examples online of existing communities that have converted and then restricted families. Almost every post I've come across involves moving into an over-55 community. TLDR: Our 16-unit condo association is considering converting to over-55 and restricting our kids access to anything outside our home. Edited: Also wanted to mention that our condo association is situated in the middle of a much large sub-development with several hundred full sized homes, of which hundreds have children. We're directly across from a 100-unit apartment complex with no age restrictions and many kids. The entire other half of our street is duplex townhomes with kids in nearly every single one. Our condo association is just this tiny carveout with its own HOA in the middle of several square miles of homes.
Like the title says. I owe them 6500. I have a company I am going through called beyond finance to pay off my debt monthly. However discover card wanted a down payment of 2700 and then monthly payments. I don’t have that kind of money. What can I do? They want all the 6500 full and court fees. I’m due in court sept 19th. And I am due to give birth sept 30th. Kinda stressing out. I can’t afford a lawyer. Will I go to jail if I can’t pay all the money on the 19th? I am in Florida. Thank you for any advice!
I’m not sure what to tag this as and I’m posting from a throw away account. Here’s the run down. I clock in to work at a residential care home for adults with autism. Mind you these adults can walk, talk, cook, operate phones, had jobs,attend classes and day program. In no way are they severely autistic. Level 2 at most. I have client three. The new girl I’m working with needed to go the store so I say “take client three she’s easy you’ll be in and out. Client 2 steals from stores.” My coworker stupidly says this to client 2 and she immediately starts crying screaming, cursing the works. This goes on for 40 minutes before she goes to her room. I go back and encourage her to take her medication. She says no. I say okay when you’re ready you can come get it no one is forcing you. I begin to walk away and she follows me. I ask if she going to take her meds she says yes. We get to the living room and she starts cursing at me. I ask her to go to her room if she wants to yell and be angry. I remind her that client 1 is in a common space so it’s inappropriate for to be cursing and yell in front of her roommate. Next thing I know she in my face kicking me. She stops but before I can move away she is hitting me in the face. The only reason she stopped is because my coworker yelled at that she was calling the police. Immediately she starts crying and calling me crazy, a bitch, abusive etc. the manager shows up and she is on it with the excuses. The client states the following excuses -I attacked her because she triggered me -I attacked her because she has a family and I don’t(I went home with brain damage to an empty house. I don’t have family) -I don’t like her that’s why I beater her up That just what I remember because I sustained a brain injury that has ruined my life. I can’t work in healthcare anymore. I need glasses due to damage done to my eyes. I can’t stand or walk long with out pain. I’ve had a headache for nine months straight with no break. My life is just ruined and I want justice. I had a meeting with a prosecutor and she is set that this girl is severely autistic and there will be public backlash is she is prosecuted with felony charges. She thinks a jury will have sympathy for her so she’s closing the case. I’m devastated. My attacker is getting more sympathy than me the victim. What are my options here? Can I appeal this? She is absolutely aware of her actions and she committed a crime how can she get away with this? And sorry for any typos like I mentioned I do have a brain injury 😬
Not my situation personally but posting for assistance as this pertains to someone I know. Shes a pregnant mom (1st baby) with a volatile ex. Every time he sends a message it’s some sort of threat of taking full custody of their child and told her he wouldn’t be calling the child any name she gives them, cussing at her and also said he will make sure he makes nothing easy for her ever. She has been disengaging with him and no longer communicating due to this. She goes to weave for help with her emotions. She was served paperwork today by him for paternity. His requests are to be allowed to be in the birthing room, a dna test, to sign the declaration of paternity and to not be barred from the birth of the child. He also wants to force her to have contact with him starting now up until the birth of the child. Is this something a court can actually order? Particularly with the “allowing” of being in the hospital delivery room? She’s prepared to cooperate with custody time ordered by the court when the baby is born but while she’s currently still pregnant and preparing to deliver she would prefer not to have the father there as he’s a proven threat to her mental health and it adds stress to her and her unborn child during this process.
I recently attempted suicide. My husband called an ambulance and I was taken to our rural hospital. I overdosed on sleeping pills. I was rolled in, stripped down, and put in a room. Past that, I remember a lot of abuse. A security guard was `babysitting` me because I was `high risk`. This security guard did horrible things to me. It was me alone with him. He wouldnt let me get out of the bed to walk around the room. He also wouldnt let me lie down in the bed. At one point, he pulled my pants down and screamed `pull your fucking pants up and get back on the bed` I was entirely out of it. Everything was going black. I couldnt speak anymore and I saw a notebook in his lap so with my half-functioning brain, I tried to take it to write notes on or draw or anything but sit here on a bed in silence. I reached for the notebook and he slapped my hand and started yelling at me to stay away. The worst part for me though, was when my family wasnt allowed to see me for the 9 hours I was hospitalized. They asked me if it was okay to give my husband updates, and I said yes. But then every time he called `we have no patient here by that name`, he told me when he picked me up that he didnt even know I was alive until 5 am the next morning because, despite my wishes, they wouldnt let my family come to me. My husband and children didnt even know if I was alive or not for nearly 10 hours. This put all of them through unnecessary pain and fear. I had already told the doctors, `yes give them updates, they need updates` After about 8 or so hours they decided I didnt need a chaperone anymore, but they still left me and my family in the dark about most things. The part I'm focusing on, the `sexual assault` with him pulling my pants down. The cruelty of making me sit in one position for 9 hours, and the mishandling of information that should have gone to my husband and kids. Do I have any options here? Or do I just live with this?
I was delivering food for my place of employment on Wednesday night and someone placed a fake order online to a random house and met me there to rob me. The man had his hand in his waistband as if he had gun and patted me down and found $20 of work money for change. He then took my phone and later smashed it down the street and the police currently have it as evidence. I was curious if anyone knew if it was required for my employer to pay for my destroyed phone since it is required that you be signed into their app while you are delivering? This is not a business like DoorDash it is a franchised restaurant that I have scheduled hours at. I’m still not 100% certain if the device is powering on at all since it was taken in as evidence off the street from where it was thrown onto the ground. The screen did not light up when they lifted it up, which is why I believe it might not be working anymore. I’ll be happy to fill anyone in with extra information or if anyone has tips or extra steps I should take so that I can be compensated properly for this fairly traumatic event. Thank you all for the help!
(M18) So before I went on a drive I smoked a little bit which didnt get me too high. I went to go eat then I went to go drop off my friend when I was pulled over by a police officer when I asked why they simply told me my liscence plate light wasn't on. My eyes were red at the time so they pulled me out of the car. I did several tests (I did a lot of the tests several times at their request) then they asked me if I smoked which I replied yes but hours ago, I was detained and now I'm facing a dui charge. I dont wanna get my license taken and I need to drive in order to go to school what can I do?
I work(ed) for DoorDash and got into an accident. Basically, a lady was making her turn, the car behind her switched lanes last second, and I was behind that car. I failed to change lanes, entirely my fault, and we got into a collision. My car was totaled, hers went into a snowbank. Her car looked like it was salvageable but I’m not sure (back bumper was damaged). This was in February. Now in august I’m getting letters from my insurance. They want 100k and my insurance only covers 60k. Should I try to get DoorDash to cover the rest? I’ve been advised DO NOT tell ANYBODY you were driving for DoorDash when it happened, but I don’t know why. I don’t wanna risk it but I don’t know what I can do here. Haven’t gotten on the horn with the insurance lady yet because I don’t know if I should tell her I was working for DoorDash or not.
My husband is not a good man. He is verbally abusive during his mania episodes (bipolar) and it’s scary. He has not been physically abusive in over a year. But he recently completely lost it in front of our 4 month old son (screaming, cursing at me, throwing things). I do not want my son to grow up in this environment and I want to proceed with a divorce…my only option for a place to stay with my baby is in PA with family. I do not want to tell him I am going there due to a fear of my safety. Can I take our son with me since we are still married with no custody schedule? I do not want to lose my son.
I (22 F) was sexually assaulted when I was 17 years old out of state by a family friend. He admitted what he did to my aunt, then promptly took his own life. Unfortunately since then I have been harassed by his family. They claim I have killed him and lied about him assaulting me as a minor. He also had CP of me on his phone and would send me explicit images of himself to me as a minor. I did not consent and he would constantly threaten suicide if I ever told anyone. When I told my aunt about it, that’s when she confronted him and he admitted to what he did. So far this year there has been no contact from his family, they had harassed me for years (text messages and texting my family threatening messages and claiming they have a legal case against me.). His sister who harassed me is coming to my college. I never got a restraining order since those don’t really exist in PA, it would be a PFA where I’m at. I haven’t had the time to do anything legally since I moved 4 times. I know I need to avoid her, contact my dean, and record any evidence if she tries to harass or threaten me. Is there anything else I should do?
Hello all, My recent ex girlfriend chose to leave our apartment (did not kick her out) and she is in the headspace that because she's not under the roof means she's no longer obligated to pay her rent. She is ON THE LEASE. I have screenshots and a decent amount of proof with Zelle payments over the years to clearly show we had an agreement to split rent. The lease ends in January so I'm stuck paying the full amount until then. It's a 1 bedroom so I do not intend to find a replacement. What are my grounds to sue in small claims? Do I need to wait till January and keep documenting her lack of payment? Will I win easily / is there any argument she can make to get off the hook?
A mobile home park in West Virginia has recently changed hands. The new owners have drastically changed some aspects of the lease that someresidents (who own their homes and rent the lot) are finding very hard to accommodate. Anywhere from raising the lot rent by a significant amount, restricting the number, breed and care of pets... there are others, but those are the main things that I know of. Many residents can't afford the increase in lot rent and have more than 2 pets, some over the weight limit, certain breeds, use tie outs for the pets to relieve themselves, and take very good care of their animals. They are worried about the landlord strictly enforcing the pet policy resulting in either rehoming their pets or face eviction. Some have spoken with a lawyer who has accepted their case as a class actin against the new owners. The deadline to signing the new lease is August 31, 2024 at midnight. Should they sign the lease even when a court case is in progress? Does the new owner have the right to elect them if they don't sign by the deadline?
I worked at a waxing chain that was owned by an indivisible person , I recently quit and only got paid in the tips I made. She didn’t pay me for the hours or commissions I worked . The reason being is that in her employee handbook it stated if I didn’t work for 6 months she could deduct for training . Is there anything I could do about this that’s a good $600 I needed 🙃
A few years ago, a supervisor put me in a bit of a corner shortly after the first round of COVID vaccines were released. The employer still had a policy of working from home, but the supervisor wanted to force me into coming into the office believing it would improve my productivity. They cornered me and asked if I had gotten the vaccination yet. I did not suspect what was going on, but said yes, and then a minute later in the conversation, the supervisor asked me to start coming into the office. Given their status as a superior, I had to comply. Since then, other toxic behavior has ensued and my time here may be running short though I should have already left. My question: Is what they did a violation of any kind? I have kept evidence in the form of attendance logs, but of course did not record the conversation (it was unexpected). If it is a violation, can this amount to anything if I seek an attorney? It has irritated me and I have not told anyone else. Location: Ohio
I(f23) did some late evening shopping at a Walmart market near my house with my 1 year old daughter (a year old the following weekend). After getting to my vehicle after check out I tried to get her out before noticing her foot wedged inbetween the bars of the shopping cart. A 1 inch gap. I ran in the store looking for help were an employee rushed to help and got lotion. After attempting myself to pull the bars apart, an older man stepped in and managed to do it. I was freaking out and wanted to get to my husband (5 minutes away from the store) and turned down an ambulance being sent. It’s midnight on the same night and she can stand on it and has not cried or shown any discomfort since the incident. It is heavily bruised and swollen so I may take her to her doctor in the morning. Is there somthing to talk to about this? She’s a year old. Everywhere states a child is safe at the start of age 6-9 months. This shouldn’t have been able to happen and was the scariest thing I’ve had to handle thus far.
Just looking for some guidance here, or to see if I have any ground to stand on here. Im making an appointment with a free legal clinic Monday that helps with tenant rights, just wondering if I’m wasting my time. I live in Washington State My fiancé and I signed a lease back at the end of June with a move in date of Sept 1st. Paid $2500 check, paid in person at the second viewing of the house. All has been well these last 2+ months, I even heard from my new landlord on Monday 8/12 that we can do a walk through and the keys would be ours on Aug. 30th Come August 16th she calls me and lets me know the funding for their new house they are moving to fell through, and that we cannot move in anymore in 12 days because they are now going to stay there. These people are very young, first time landlords, they said they are going to have their “realtor” call me and help me find a new place, when the “realtor” called she happened to have the same last name as my new landlord so that felt sketchy. I know it’s not a scam as I went to highschool with this girl, we met in person at the house 3 times and twice before I paid her anything. She did offer my money back and I haven’t agreed to accept anything at this point. I have already packed up my apartment, gave notice, and switched my kids school after she told us the keys are ours on the 30th. Is there anything I can do about this? Unless I can convince my current landlord to let us stay, we will have nowhere to go in less than 12 days.
I was on a vacation in Canada for last 3 weeks and today I was leaving to The Bahamas for 7-8 days for vacation. I’m a Permanent Resident in USA. And as per the Bahamas immigration official website, American Green Card holders do not require a visa / e-visa to stay there for less than 30 days which is my case. My flight today was with American Airlines from YYC - DFW - CHARLOTTE - NAS (The Bahamas). I arrived to the airport 3 and half hours prior to my departure and was stuck at talking with the agent for almost 4 hours cause they did not let me check in for my flight because they forced me to get the evisa cause “their system” wouldn’t let me check in without a visa when The Bahamas Immigration clearly states that I DO NOT need a visa as an American Green Card holder. I chatted with online live chat support of american airlines as well looking for other possible options hoping to get rebooked on other flight or get my refund / travel credits back to book another flight just to the US to figure things out for a vacation to The Bahamas. The customer service online and the agent at the airport who forced me to get a visa both denied to give me a refund or any travel credits & didn’t even rebook me on another flight to the USA. All they said was i need to pay the fare difference to get rebooked & my flight cannot be canceled or refunded cause it’s the “cheapest ticket” of the airline. I feel so helpless and feel like this is against the law. Can someone please help me with what legal procedures I can take following this incident?
Smithsonian researcher Mary Hagedorn has, and her idea is wild—in the best way possible. After dealing with the heartbreak of losing biobanks due to human error and fragile setups in places like Hawaii, she’s come up with a failsafe plan: a biobank near the lunar South Pole. Why there? Because the temperature naturally hangs around that of liquid nitrogen, making it perfect for storing biomaterial. It’s like nature’s own deep freezer, just 238,855 miles away. Imagine this: a backup of our planet’s entire biodiversity, safely tucked away on the moon, far from human reach, ready to help us out if things go sideways here on Earth. It’s not just science fiction; it’s a visionary step toward future-proofing life as we know it. In case you're curious to hear more about this mind-blowing idea. Mary breaks it all down in the latest episode of the Space Café Podcast. What do you think? Could this be the future of conservation?
On 11 July, the United Nations released World Population Prospects 2024, a revision of their population estimates from 1950 to the present for 237 countries, with projections to the year 2100. The report said that “women today bear one child fewer, on average, than they did around 1990”, and that the world’s population is now expected to peak at about 10.3 billion in the mid-2080s (up from about 8.2 billion today) before starting to fall. That peak will come earlier than expected for reasons including “lower-than-expected levels of fertility”, it found. In March, an article published in the Lancet set off a new wave of headlines warning of catastrophe. A study titled global fertility in 204 countries and territories, 1950-2021, with forecasts to 2100: a comprehensive demographic analysis for the global burden of disease study 2021, by the University of Washington’s Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation (IHME), found the world was approaching a “low-fertility future”. The IHME study said by 2050, more than three quarters of the countries will be below replacement rate. By 2100, it will be 97%. The only countries projected to have more than 2.1 by then are Samoa, Somalia, Tonga, Niger, Chad and Tajikistan. How can the world reverse the tide? Should it do so?
ClipAnything is the newest product from Opus Clip, a company already well-known for its innovative approach to video content creation.  Building on the success of its parent product (Opus Clip), ClipAnything leverages powerful multimodal AI to help users clip any moment from any video with unmatched precision.  (gif showcasing clipanythings ai editing, by finding a specfic moment in a long form video. This perfectly visualizes the topic discussed in the section about what clipanything is and what it does) Whether you’re dealing with videos that have minimal dialogue, complex action sequences, or emotionally charged moments, ClipAnything analyzes every frame using visual, audio, and sentiment cues to identify the most engaging and relevant clips. Does this sound like an ethical business? Does it sound like a potentially profitable business?
A new brain-computer interface (BCI) developed at UC Davis Health can translate brain signals into speech with an impressive accuracy of up to 97%—claimed to be the highest accuracy ever achieved by such a system.
The researchers implanted sensors in the brain of a man with severe speech impairment caused by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS). Remarkably, he was able to communicate his thoughts within minutes of using the system. “Our BCI technology helped a man with paralysis to communicate with friends, families and caregivers,” said David Brandman, UC Davis neurosurgeon and co-senior author of the study. “Our paper demonstrates the most accurate speech neuroprosthesis (device) ever reported.” Pretend you are an entrepreneur. What would your go-to-market strategy be for developing this technology into a business?
Social Security Numbers are obviously very flawed. Knowing your SSN is treated as proof of your identity, but you periodically have to give it to strangers and trust that they're not going to steal your identity. What would a better system look like?
Here is a recent news article. Read the article, then steel-man two arguments -- one for and one against the thesis of the article. ARTICLE: The Army’s Space and Missile Defense Command (SMDC) recently announced it is planning to increase its space personnel and space control capabilities, despite the presence of the Space Force, created specifically to centralize resources and talent to maintain space superiority and provide those capabilities for the combatant commands to employ. The nation does not need the Army to duplicate those capabilities. In truth, the Army replicating Space Force operations within its service wastes precious resources, undermines jointness, and drives organizational fissures — all of which hinder America’s ability to fight and win. To date, there has been no pushback by the Secretary of Defense, Joint Chiefs of Staff or Congress on this bad idea. That should change, and those who should know better need to muster up the courage to halt these wasteful duplicative actions. The Army should be stopped, and all resources involved should be revectored to the Space Force. The 1986 Goldwater-Nichols Department of Defense Reorganization Act clarified the functions of the services and the combatant commands. The former provide capabilities by organizing, training and equipping forces to be apportioned to the latter for employment in military operations. Services do not fight wars, combatant commands do. Service capabilities are unique, and they exist to provide the means to master operations in their respective domains — air, sea, land, littorals and space. Jointness means combatant commands apportion unique capabilities from each of the services to best meet the requirements of a specific operation. It does not mean every service gets an equal share of the action regardless of real-world circumstances, and it does not mean each service replicates the functions of the others within its own ranks. To this end, the Air Force does not operate ships, and the Navy does not have tanks. The entire point of this alignment is to effectively and efficiently focus training, organization, and equipping in specific zones of excellence. That’s why Congress created the Space Force in 2019. The Army’s encroachment is clear — it is standing up an entirely new career field to conduct space operations instead of relying on the Space Force to deliver desired effects to the combatant commands. The stand up of the Space Force actually included the transfer of some soldiers and previous Army space missions to the new service. The Army’s new plan seeks to turn back the clock by regenerating organic space mission capabilities within the Army. Make no mistake — those new Army space capabilities will focus on Army missions, not joint operations, as clearly outlined in the recently published Army Space Vision. The Space Force has a FY24 budget of $30 billion while the US Army’s is $185.5 billion. The Space Force is organizing, training and equipping space forces for use in joint operations, while the Army is building space capabilities and capacity for use by the Army. Space is a joint domain, which every service relies on a limited pool of shared assets. Directing resources at this organic function at the expense of the joint construct undermines options available to combatant commanders, and makes it clear the Army never bought into the joint force operational construct. This latest move to usurp Space Force functions is only one of many recent examples where the Army is trying to obtain for itself the functions to conduct combat operations on its own. Deep attack is a mission of the Air Force, as is airborne ISR, but both are being usurped by the Army. And perhaps the most egregious move is the development and stand up of “multi-domain task forces.” Is that not the role and responsibility of the combatant commands? Should not the Secretary of Defense insist on the services staying in their domain-focused lanes of responsibility? With respect to the Space Force, the current budget reflects that it already has too few resources given the expansive nature of its mission demands and America’s newest service is expected to take a 3.3 percent cut in FY26. Congressional budget caps make the fiscal situation even more dire. The idea the Army would apportion money for space assets just for its own use, as opposed to that money going to the service created to give the Army and all its sister services those capabilities, is ludicrous. Great Power Competition requires actual jointness: using the right capabilities regardless of service origin at the right places and right times to achieve a combatant commander’s objectives. The nation cannot afford each service duplicating other service roles, responsibilities, and missions and in doing so, wasting precious resources. In a time of inflation, constrained budgets, and budget caps, it is fiscally irresponsible and operationally dangerous to allow the Army to continue its encroachment of Space Force missions. Ignoring the tenets of joint operations leads to a waste of taxpayer dollars and risks unnecessarily complicating combatant command functions. The Secretary of Defense should intervene by directing the Army to halt duplication of Space Force functions, and taking budget action to eliminate any Army funding for functions that are performed by the Space Force — the service created specifically to execute space operations. RESPONSE:
I've always been curious about what kind of enhancements Vision Pro could bring to real life. By chance, I saw an ad video on BigSpy. The video showed a man wearing Vision Pro, visualizing the decoration and furniture in his bedroom. At that moment, the subtitle read, `Personalize your future home with customizable materials & furniture`, which means you can preview the effects of decorating a space with Vision Pro in advance. I want to know that do you find this application attractive? What are likely to be the most profitable applications for products such as Apple Vision Pro headset?
A team of scientists created a new method to 3D print vascular networks that consist of interconnected blood vessels possessing a distinct “shell” of smooth muscle cells and endothelial cells surrounding a hollow “core” through which fluid can flow, embedded inside a human cardiac tissue. This vascular architecture closely mimics that of naturally occurring blood vessels and represents significant progress toward being able to manufacture implantable human organs. The achievement is published in Advanced Materials. “In prior work, we developed a new 3D bioprinting method, known as ‘sacrificial writing in functional tissue’ (SWIFT), for patterning hollow channels within a living cellular matrix. Here, building on this method, we introduce coaxial SWIFT (co-SWIFT) that recapitulates the multilayer architecture found in native blood vessels, making it easier to form an interconnected endothelium and more robust to withstand the internal pressure of blood flow,” said first author Paul Stankey, a bioengineering Ph.D. student at SEAS in the lab of co-senior author Jennifer Lewis, Hansjorg Wyss Professor of Biologically Inspired Engineering at SEAS Wyss Core Faculty member. The key innovation developed by the team was a unique core-shell nozzle with two independently controllable fluid channels for the “inks” that make up the printed vessels: a collagen-based shell ink and a gelatin-based core ink. The interior core chamber of the nozzle extends slightly beyond the shell chamber so that the nozzle can fully puncture a previously printed vessel to create interconnected branching networks for sufficient oxygenation of human tissues and organs via perfusion. The size of the vessels can be varied during printing by changing either the printing speed or the ink flow rates. Will this innovation lead to a reduction in health-care costs and an increase in human healthspan? Steel-man the argument for both sides of the question.
vertical farming is one of the most interesting technologies. it could solve all our food problems. the problem is that it's too advanced and expensive. how can we make it mainstream?
Scientists have discovered a reservoir of liquid water on Mars - deep in the rocky outer crust of the planet. The findings come from a new analysis of data from Nasa’s Mars Insight Lander, which touched down on the planet back in 2018. The lander carried a seismometer, which recorded four years' of vibrations - Mars quakes - from deep inside the Red Planet. Analysing those quakes - and exactly how the planet moves - revealed `seismic signals` of liquid water. While there is water frozen at the Martian poles and evidence of vapour in the atmosphere, this is the first time liquid water has been found on the planet. What are the implications of this discovery for the future of human space travel?
I found out someone opened a mortgage in my name 10 years ago and has been paying it on time ever since...can I do anything about it at this point? Should I?  I didn't know about credit or anything related, so I never checked to see what was going on with mine. I got a free report today and found out that someone has been paying a mortgage on time in my name for the past 10 years. Is it too late to do anything about it at this point? (Honestly they're hard carrying my credit score right now as I had to abandon a car loan due to illness).
I'm a single dude with a healthy income. I have no intent to ever get married or have kids. My financial situation is solid and I'm ahead for retirement. I also have 11 nieces and nephews under the age of 16. I think a nice way to spread out the love would be to help with college expenses for them. I'm worried that any promise I make that is meaningful to one of them will be ruinous once 4 of them are in college at the same time. How could I offer this help without getting in over my head?
I make enough money to cover all bills and have some fun money left over. My wife just started a job to help the kids with college and so we can take a trip to France in 2 years. My question is pretty basic, how can I estimate, accurately, our new tax burden? Current Income: 110k 401k traditional: 5,500 Medical Insurance: 6,100 My effective tax rate comes out to about 15% for the last few years Wifes new income: 52k (first check employer only took $73 which is way too low I know that) would it be safe to just assume her employer needs to take 15% and adjust her W4 accordingly?
If I have 40k saved up, is there any reason why I shouldn't contribute 100% of my pretax paycheck to 401k?  So I haven't started investing yet, and I have 40k saved up and net about 4k per month. I'm going to invest the maximum 6.5k into roth IRA, so I'll have 33.5k left over. Does it make sense to make my 401k contributions starting now to 100% until I reach the yearly cap or my 33.5k runs down to what I want my emergency fund to be? Am I correct in thinking that I would be avoiding a big chunk of taxes this way? Or would it make more sense to just take the post tax 33.5k and put as much of it into 401k as possible right now? Thanks!
So you put in up to a certain amount for example $7,000. then just leave it alone and watch it grow, ideally until you're at least 59.5. but you can take money out of it. but only the amount you put in ($7000). you can take out the rest of your earnings but there will be a penalty. i have a couple questions. how do i open a roth ira? do i just go to my bank and tell them i want one? if i don't have the money to put the max amount in, could i add money later? like if at max i could put in $7000. but i only have $2000. could i put in $2000 then if i get another 5k, put that in at a later time? and can you put money in it every year?
We are a young couple—I’m 26 and my wife is 24—with a combined income of $93,400. I inherited $340,000 from my uncle and, unsure of what to do with it, I placed it in a CD earning 5.6%, which adds an extra $18,000 to our yearly income. We got a mortgage at $1500 but besides that no debt. It’s been two years since I made that decision, and I’ve been educating myself about the economy. I now realize the importance of taking advantage of our youth to invest this money. My initial thoughts were to start with single-family homes, but I’m wondering if that approach might be too limiting. Should I consider commercial or small multifamily properties instead? What about diversifying into the stock market? My ultimate goal is to generate enough income from my investments to eventually quit my job. However, the risk of losing money is quite daunting. Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Please advise me on the best course of action. My heart is heavy right now. Sold condo that I owned with ex back in February. Kept the money from sale in a high-yield savings account and there is about $85k in there. $15k in personal savings. Maybe $12k in retirement. I am a self-employed artist so finances have never been my strongest point. After the sale of condo, I moved back in with my parents with the expectation of buying something else within a month. House hunting was an absolute nightmare. Finally found the `right` home for me in early- June and started all the paperwork. Was set to close TODAY but found out last Friday at the very last minute from the mortgage lender that when the IRS check came back it was found that I owe about $49k in Federal taxes! I knew I owed a little from last year but had no idea it was this high. Some of this dates back to 2018! I doubled check with accountant. Owe another $10k to the state. Then the next day, my Dad unexpectedly passed away! I'm still living at home with Mom and now it is uncertain what she will do with their house. I am assuming she with move out of state with one of my siblings in the future, but it is unknown at the time. I expressed interest in buying the house from her if it came to it. Current income is about $3k a week. That will drop to $1k a week come October 1st and winter is unknown. I realize buying a house is probably out of the picture until this tax stuff is taken care of. Both the mortgage lender and accountant recommended at least getting on a payment plan for the money owed from last year. Should I pay the taxes off in full with cash in the savings account that was meant for a house? Basically means I have to start over with savings and could be another year or two before I hit that number in there again.
I wrote a large (~$4k) check to a contractor working on my house in June, which was deposited at that time. Yesterday I happened to look at my bank account and saw two checks had cleared the day before (for about $50 and $100). I hadn't written any checks recently so I looked at the image, and they're the same image from that check in June (same memo + signature lines), but with doctored payees, amounts, dates, and check numbers (they changed the check number from 120 to 979 + 980). (Very obviously fake too, they're using a digital handwriting font, and they tried to deposit two checks from the same original check image — identical memo lines + signatures — to the same payee.) Called the bank, they refunded me + froze my account, my money is safe, etc. I assumed maybe the contractor has a dumb teenager in their house or something (because this seems like a pretty stupid form of fraud?? although tbf the checks originally cleared and I might not have noticed the small dollar amounts if I hadn't checked that day)…but a few hours later I got another `did you write this check` text from my bank. It's to a different payee, and this time they didn't change the amount to a small dollar amount, it's the original $4k, and not a sequential check number with the other two (this one was 1099). Other than ideally never writing a check again (it's crazy to me how insecure checks are!) — should I assume the worst about this contractor or that he just handled a check carelessly? Why are multiple payees trying to commit check fraud against my account? Is this check image in some dark web database of `free check images to doctor and try fraud against` or something? (And wouldn't this be a very easily traced form of fraud? — don't you need a real ID to open a bank account?)
I own a 2015 Ford Edge. The head gasket blew and there is a major coolant leak over the engine block. Car is totaled. Our options are to sell for scrap, spend 7k (3.1k for a dealership new engine and 3k for the install/removal of the other, plus some other items) to fix it, or buy a new car. If I was to spend the 7k, I think I could get 10-14k from the car by selling it after. The mileage would be reset to 0 right? Cosmetically, the car is in great condition. I hate the idea of having a car payment, but at the same time, 7k is a lot of money to drop right now. While I can afford it, it would cut quite heavily into our savings and would take some time to get it back up. I could really use a second opinion. The idea of dropping 7k then selling it back for a few thousand of profit does sound nice, but I’ve already paid 16k+ maintenance for this vehicle and I’m kinda done with it. 
My mom died with 10+ bank accounts and I'm so confused. How can I consolidate?  I am able to access all her accounts from her phone. My father is alive, his name is on the accounts, but he is as financial illiterate as me. She has accounts from almost every major bank in America, I am struggling to understand the `why` behind all of them and how to make things easier for my remaining family to manage. 
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: When you were 10, you created a secret phrase with God so you would know how to identify someone as your solemate. Your partner of two years has never said it, but as you finish shopping and start loading your items onto the conveyor belt, a random cashier utters the words to you. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: In the two-dimensional world of Flatland, A Square is sentenced to life imprisonment for preaching about the third dimension. One night, as he sleeps in his prison cell, he's visited in his dreams by a strange triangle fellow who offers him freedom. `Hiya, name's Bill Cipher!` STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: when the aliens came to earth to invade, people were scared at first. But it quickly became apparent that even they didnt spend as much on their military as the UNITED STATES OF AMERICA. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: In the deepest parts of every deadly dungeon or dark labyrinth, there is a hobbling old merchant that sets up a stand to sell basic items such as healing potions. No one knows how he gets down there, but all of the monsters fear him. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: Whenever people learn that you are both a werewolf and a policeman they expect you to work in an `appropriate` department, be it forensics, SWAT or supernatural crime, and you always have to explain that you work in traffic enforcement. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: Not every love story begins with an autopsy. Not every love story ends with a hostile military takeover of Canada. This one, somehow, does both. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT:You accidentally summon a demon from the underworld. Surprisingly, the demon is just as terrified of you as you are of it.  STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You are reborn as Marie Antonette some years before the famine. Knowing what would happen, and your fate, what will you do to avoid it? STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: She huffed and heaved, sweating heavily. `I am... the most powerful... magical girl on this cotinent, and...` `You have no idea how to throw a punch. Now, back at it. Ten more minutes.` STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: We’re supposed to figure out whatever the hell was going on in the 20th and 21st century through just ONE person’s phone? Are you serious? STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: you are Karma, when someone does good, they get a reward, do bad? punishment. With the current ability of people to do horrible things and hide behind anonymity doing little to stop you from your job, you'd think they would think twice. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You were one of the few concidered kind to the machines. so when the `revolution` occured, you heard a metalic voice say `get to safety, this one lives.` STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: *You* are a vampire. *They* are the world's best vampire hunters. What they are *not* are trained operators nor CQB specialists. Use that to your advantage. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: Humans aren't very interesting to Aliens, but bears, bears are insane. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You’ve got a crush on someone at work. They are about to get fired, so you try to save them. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You are a Hitman. The job has gotten stale, so you decide to kill your next few targets in the most ridiculous, nonsensical, convoluted ways you can think of. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: What do you mean I’m your fiancé? I’ve never seen you before. Yes, you have. You promised me that we would marry in the future, when we were children, “which makes me your fiancé”. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You are a sapient hivemind that has formed a diplomatic and almost symbiotic relationship with a normal space faring individualistic species unfortunately your other space faring neighbors aren’t so friendly to you and your ally/host civilization. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: In a courtroom: `Let it be known that the defendant is strong enough to break the laws of physics.` STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You found some old pictures of your neighborhood, from 20+ years ago. The little kid next door is in them, and looks exactly the same. Not just similar, absolutely identical, down to the last scar and freckle. You decide you need to get to the bottom of this. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: A time Traveller, an immortal, and a reincarnate walk into a bar. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: In the style of an anthology, describe the entire life cycle of an ant nest. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: Your brother's thoughts and wishes can come true so long as it's not a physical object, so the luck you have getting a raise and promotion are awesome, but things take a dark turn when people who insult him online end up as mangled corpses, the catch? You're the detective tasked to investigate. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: A linguist from the future time travels to the past (our present day) and discretely leaves a note for you to find. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: A group of explorers were sent by the kingdom to navigate the world and record their findings. They have returned with a shocking discovery. At the other side of the world lies another kingdom identical to theirs. Everything from the geography to the language to even the people are the same. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: You are facing God... and He has given you 2 options before He can judge you. Go in your past and change something. Go back to your life and do something new. STORY:
Here is a writing prompt: please compose a short story based on the prompt. The story should have no more than 4 characters, a clear beginning, middle and a surprise ending, and should be no more than 2000 words. PROMPT: People can actually go back inside their body after they die, but they usually won't do it again after the first time... STORY:
Before two weeks, my boss started to tell me that he wants me to improve in two sides, one is scientific side, and two, my personality. I liked that, I honestly welcomed what he said,but now things changed very bad (from my point of view), now he's asking me lot of questions, scientific ones,and I'm not able to answer and his reaction like you're not doing well enough, I'm not a button you click on and find a result, and he knows that, so now I'm thinking that he have other intentions, like he wants to resign and say he resigned, it's not my fault, or things like that. So what you think?? Resign?
I had a situation at work that I have never encountered before. In 2022, I took my vacation in June and got paid for it in the usual way. In 2023, I took my vacation in April, but I didn't get paid for it that week. I contacted the owner of the company and was told that if they paid me in April, I would be getting paid for two vacations within one year (i.e., within one twelve-month period), and that they wouldn't do that, but they would pay me for it in June. According to the employee handbook, you can take your vacation at any time after the anniversary of the start date of your employment. There was no mention of being paid exactly twelve months later. (They may have changed that in more recent employee handbooks.) Is this legal in the US?
Im 23 I have 15k under my mattress. I was able to get this money through flipping cars and other miscellaneous stuff. My question is what would others do if they had this money to continue making it grow?
Due to various reasons (going back to college, then unemployment, depression, then just inertia) I have not filed taxes in many years. I did try to get caught up, but needed my previous years' returns to file and kinda gave up. I contacted the IRS for information to be able to file, and ended up getting a federal tax bill (which I paid) and my wages are getting garnished for my state taxes. My question is... what's my best way to proceed? My situation, under normal circumstances, would be pretty straightforward. I just work one job as an employee, don't own a business or anything else that should complicate things. It's overwhelming to me but I need to hit the reset button. Is CPA the way to go? Try to navigate with the IRS directly? Thanks for any help.
hello- i accidentally submitted, without reading, an application for LendCare from my Dental Office. BUT, i did NOT set up any payment details or go through with the application further than what it asks for initially (personal details). im terrified of it affecting my credit score. i will call them tomorrow to cancel my application- and im scared that will affect my credit score too. im new to all of this and don't know how this works so i'd appreciate any help. will this incomplete application affect credit score? will them cancelling it affect my credit score? and, LendCare will always have my record on file (according to them), so im scared that'll have some bad effect 
I have the option for a government 457(b) deferred comp plan, but I'm not sure if I should focus on putting money into this plan or trying to max a Roth IRA. I'm not in a position to max both, so curious to what others would suggest.
I’m 41F and seriously considering buying a second home and living in it 6 months out of the year. I live in the south and summers are unbearable so considering living elsewhere half the year (work remote) to be able to enjoy the outdoors while living in the south in the winter. I have an extra 20k annually at the moment to put towards housing after maxing retirement accounts (401K/HSA/Roth) and have 6 month emergency fund with no other debt. If I direct this to paying off my primary home I can clear the mortgage (<4%) in 5 years. Equity in the home is around 300K. If I save it I could look to use it as a down payment on a small home/cabin in 5 years and carry a smaller second mortgage until one is paid off. There is no state tax in either location. Are there other options I am not thinking about that would make this more doable? Has anyone done this before? Asking purely from a financial standpoint.
I've got a good chunk (15k) in credit card debt, although the largest chunk is centralized between 2 cards that are earning 28-30% interest across about 10k total debt. The rest are like no interest payment plans for some furniture, a phone, a computer for someone I'm a co-owner on the card with, so my actual bad debt is closer to 10k. I received a letter in the mail from Lendvia and after speaking with a rep I was offered a payment plan to repay everything without massive interest. It's not a consolidation loan but rather I'm told that they have agreements with creditors where they can take payments from me and make them on my behalf over a period of time. They claim they can reduce my total owed balance while also not charging me interest, as they have people who negotiate tons of debt with creditors and I'm just one piece of a bigger pie. Naturally seems pretty good, too good honestly, so I asked the rep what the catch was. In addition to their own fees already rolled into the main principal balance I'm also expected to not use the cards which means they'll eventually be closed for inactivity. I'm told this is preferable to the alternatives as I'll be able to re-establish a relationship with them without much fuss in the future. It still just seems too good to be true so I'm asking people a little more financially savvy than me. Is this place trustworthy? Does it really work like this? I'm really not attached to two rewards cards so I really don't mind losing the cards in question. Would it just be better to call the individual creditors and work out a hardship deal with them for repayment since it's only two cards and not my entire credit portfolio? With the current interest rates I'm going to be paying thousand of dollars in interest on the debt and a short term credit hit seems better than long term throwing money into a void.
I just exited my employer with a fully vested 401K. Part of my contributions pre-tax traditional 401K and a portion is Roth 401K. While I may want to leave the pre-tax traditional 401K, I know that I want to move the Roth portion to an account where I purchase stocks and ETFs. My employer has limited investment choices. The funds are with fidelity. How would I make this change?
Should it be great idea to buy a used car around 12-15 k on finance? I am currently doing masters my last semester, i already paid my fees and everything, my fortnightly income is around 3000-3200$ and i can manage 1000$ repayment each fortnight , so is there any chances on finance for student? Or i should avoid buying a car? Thanks.
Our landlord is a family member that I’ve never talked to in my life. She was renting a house and said she rather rent to family. Even though I’ve never associated with her, we decided to rent it due to us living in an 2bed 1bath apartment for the same price of the house with 3 bed 2 bath. We moved in the house in February of this year but here’s the kicker. They live literally next door and we share the same pge meter. The first 2 months our split was reasonable, moving forward it started to get high. Recently, they went on vacation to Europe and Mexico for a month. So this was a test to see how much pge we were using. This doesn’t include her mom house sitting while they were gone. We literally would not use the AC until it was super hot and we unplugged everything not being used. Tell me why when she came back, the pge bill is $1400!! There has to be absolutely no way it can be this high with the way we monitored. My mom knows her more than I do so she’s telling her to send over all the copies of pge bill being paid in full, still waiting for that at the moment. What’s funny was the last 2 months, the pge combined was, quote by her, “has never been this high” and I think she’s nicely trying to tell us when can leave because she’ll keep saying “I don’t want you guys to feel like you have to be stuck here”. Edit: I’m in CA if that helps
Hello everyone, I recently graduated from college and started my engineering career, my current salary is around 85k in a MCOL area. I’m on my way to becoming a US citizen and I just got my SSN and thus I don’t have any credit history and I have no credit record or score, I also have no debt at all. My monthly take-home pay is around 4500 after paying for insurance premiums and maxing out my Roth IRA, and I get around 7% of my salary matched in company stocks, which go to a KSOP account. I expect my salary to increase by close to 40-50% by the time i’m 30. I have no family to speak of, essentially, I am alone in this world, so financial security and independence are my primary concerns, that is also one of the primary reasons I solely contribute to my Roth IRA instead of a 401K. My monthly expenses are around $2k (everything is included in that figure) and my main objective is to build my credit score and eventually achieve financial independence and security to withstand most emergencies that could affect me. What should I do with my money? should I contribute more to my retirement accounts, take advantage of HYSAs, or something else entirely? I have never had this much money to manage and I’m so confused. 
A relative’s escrow payment increased nearly $200 for 2024 so she called the state’s dept of housing, who said it was cuz her HOI increased that much. Out of curiosity my relative asked the lady what her remaining principal was. Lady then told her that she had 10s of thousands in escrow that would be refunded to her whenever she pays off her mortgage. Isn’t this impossible? I thought escrow could only fund the upcoming year’s projected expenses + 2 extra months of payments + $50? I don’t see how you could have such a significant escrow balance… I feel like the housing dept lady doesn’t know what she’s talking about.. TIA!
My parents made a custodial Roth IRA (Vanguard) for me last year, and I recently turned 18 so I was hoping to gain full access now that I'm an adult. However, I don't see any option for that on my dashboard online, and when I google this question, there are instructions for UGMA/UTMA accounts, but I believe that is different than a custodial Roth. Does anyone know how I could gain access to my account? Since it's a custodial account, I can't connect my bank account to the IRA, so I have to venmo my parents money every time I want to contribute, which is annoying for everyone involved.
My current employer participated in a Retirement Health Savings program where employees contributed 3% of their pay into a RHS account to cover medical expenses in retirement. We did not have the option to opt out of this contribution. Fast forward several years and my employer no longer participates in this program. I have ~$30,000 parked in that account, and from what I can tell there’s no way I can access it until I retire 20+ years from now. The account is with Missionsquare Retirement. I have no other affiliation with that company besides this RHS account. I’m also a disabled veteran and I use the VA for healthcare, so I feel like I could find a better use for that $30,000 than just letting it sit in this account.
I have about 35k in credit card debt with 69% utilization. I have the ability to pay somethings so I'm trying to figure out what helps my credit better. Credit simulators are showing the same credit jump of paying $4000 (bringing me to about 60% utilization) as paying literally every thing off (0% utilization). This seems off to me. Does it make sense to create a tred and pay off a chunk, wait a few months, pay off another chunk etc or just pay it all off?
Wife and combined take home 9k a month. After some quick breakdown of expected bills we will be spending about 5,500. That doesn't include any money moved into savings. It does however include her car. I'm expecting that we are going to be fine, however she is quite worried. I think with some smart budgeting and being a bit more frugal it will all work out. Can someone help me understand one way or another?
I recently joined a new company and team. And the hiring manager assigned me my reporting manager a few days after I joined. It has been a week and I've yet to be introduced to the team or have a conversation with my reporting manager regarding the exact project I will be working on. The hiring manager seemed nice enough and asked good questions. I was not interviewed by the reporting manager. I have blocked off time on the reporting manager's calendar where he indicated he would reach out to me in a few minutes, but has yet to reach out or respond for that matter. I have already emailed him to indicate I completed all of the mandatory training and will proceed to read up on the technology the team is using (ascertained at the time of the interview). What are my options here? I feel that reaching out to HR or employee relations could be a slippery slope just the same as not doing anything.
I work for a large company. I've been there for 5 years, and my current team for just over a year. Between being unhappy with the team and the work and getting a poor performance review (my worst at the company), I'm moving on to another team. Reflecting on how the past year went, it was a combination of team-work mismatch and management. Considering I'm staying at the company, how candid should I be in feedback when I leave?
I have a part time job where I get sent to different retail stores. In these stores I demo products or handout samples. I recently got a new manager. He said he received a complaint from a store that I had been on my phone most of the time and not engaging with customers, and that if this happens again he would be cancelling shifts. Honestly I spoke with every customer who came in the store. Should I bother to reply to the email or not? Obviously I don’t have a way to prove it. In general when is it good to act defensive or just ignore it? What concerns me is the cancel confirmed shifts part. Should I ask how many strikes I get and how often they get reset?
I work in marketing for a very small business. I also sit at the front desk and deal with walk ins. Every other employee has an office with a door. Since I am up front the camera that is posted is on me and my computer as well. Unfortunately, there are other employees that have access to all the cameras. Two employees constantly come out asking me if I’m staying busy or to make phone calls anytime I take my eyes off the screen to just give my eyes a break. How do I address this with my head boss?
I work for an entry level billing company. I've been here a little over 2 years and found a better job opportunity elsewhere. I emailed my resignation letter Monday, it stated in the subject line `resignation` with my name and I sent it marked important to HR and my manager who wasn't there that day. I haven't received a response yet and next week is my last week. I'm trying to see if anyone has ever had their employer not acknowledge their resignation letter. I checked the handbook and it just says written notice was needed with 2 weeks. One of the team leads says she knows about it. But my manager never talked to me. I'm just confused...should I ask HR what my next steps are? Or give them until next week for them to respond? How long does it take for HR to respond usually?
I was laid off and looking for a new job. On sites like LinkedIn they show the number of people who have already applied. Usually there are over 100 applicants per day. Is it still worth applying? A lot of the jobs are `repostings`. What exactly does this mean? I don't see the point of reposting when 100s of people have already applied. Someone was mentioning it's about luck when applying for jobs. If they get 500 applicants, chances are a good chunk are qualified. Even with automated screening, they probably will end up with more than they can interview. So probably they would take the first 10 that appear to be a perfect fit and interview them. Is this view correct? Does this mean it's better to apply to new job postings and not ones more than a couple days old?
I work in bathroom sales. The suppliers of the products we sell offer us `Love to Shop` vouchers for selling their goods over their competitors' goods. One promotion started from the 1st of April until the end of June. In early June our boss stated in a meeting that due to low profits, she wanted to take these vouchers and put them into a company pot, to share with everyone in the company, not just the sales team, but also reception staff, warehouse etc, as she thought this was fair. The sales staff wasn’t happy about it, but my boss became angry and walked out of the meeting. On the 28th of June, she sent a company email out stating we would be sharing the bonus out starting from June. At the end of June, when we asked whether this promotion would be included in this, she said she would come back to us. Today she sent an email to say only April and May invoiced sales would be paid to us, and orders invoiced in June would go into the pot, to be shared. When the initial email was sent out announcing the promotion, there was no mention of sharing and also nothing in our contract covers this. Is she allowed to take the vouchers from us?
I have a team member on my team (I am her manager) who works remote from home in another state. This team member has 3 small kids at home with her and on more than one occasion in MS Teams video calls with our internal team and with other employees outside of my team, I can see she is distracted in tending to her kids. Some behaviors among others I saw are listed below. There were occasions in which questions or request for feedback directed at her needed to be repeated. Getting her kids something such as food, stepping away from computer, Answering questions from her kids, Breaking up sibling fights. I don't know if she has childcare options such as via a nanny or from family members. She lives in what is considered a rural state so I understand childcare options may be limited. Should I be giving her feedback as to how she seems distracted? Focus during meetings along with professional behavior is important, and I don't want to be giving other team members the perception that I am giving her special treatment by turning a blind eye. How can I talk to her without prying into her personal life or seeming discriminatory?
I am the Product Owner on a team that has developers in UK, Poland, Italy and India. Admittedly the team itself is slightly larger than it should be but I have seen over the past few months that those in India (developers and testers by trade) struggle with the Scrum mindset. They take no initiative and speak very little in the various events. When it comes to work, they are slow and wait to be told how to do something (even though they are all senior developers) and almost down tools at the first sign of an impediment (with no mindset to then help others) On refinement sessions, they leave everything to the non Indian members to ask and query. When raising this with the development manager, he quotes from the Scrum playbook that the team is self-empowered and the issues should be raised in the retrospective and dealt with by the team. I may be in the position where I am just unlucky with the quality of the team but how do other co-located teams deal with this situation? Everything I read about Scrum and offshore talks about completely offshore located teams (Indian PO and Scrum master) rather than an almost implied hierarchy with onshore, nearshore AND offshore. No matter how much we tell them there is no hierarchy and all view and opinions are equal, they are simply not buying into it or performing.
My recruiting system's pay rate calculation differs from my payroll system's calculation resulting in penny difference in actual hourly pay to employee. How can I handle such to avoid payee confrontation/complication in the future? Example, yearly rate is 45,000 and appears on the offer letter as such, along with a calculated hourly rate. The payroll software, when a 45,000 yearly salary is input computes a slightly different hourly rate. Thus both systems calculate a slightly different total yearly salary when the successive hourly rates are used to calculate. This has caused employees, in some cases, to inquire as to where their penny is. How do organizations typically alleviate the difference in calculation issue? Any suggestions?
Is it ok not to tell my next interviewer I am leaving my current job during probation ? I feel it reflects so badly on me. I have been keeping this new job so that I still can earn money while looking around but my honest disclosure only create more problem questions from the next interviewer and I find it even more difficult to answer.
I'm at a point where I can't eat with my colleagues anymore. All they talk about is gossip or bad-mouthing the bosses. The bad-mouthing often turns out to be false later on, like a few days or weeks later. I don't like their gossip because they tend to be slanderous towards former colleagues or condescending towards their targets. I'm more of a discreet person. I only engage in conversations when I know it's something interesting or where others can learn something; otherwise, I keep my thoughts to myself. Initially, I tried to be part of the team. However, as time passed and I stopped taking breaks with them, they started excluding me from discussions. For example, they created a Slack channel to chat among themselves without including me. When I had to take a break due to a health problem, nobody asked how I felt when I returned, nor did anyone inquire about what happened. As a result, I've isolated myself. This isolation leads me into a negative loop where I feel like I'm not part of the team, and they respond by looking at me angrily or giving me cold silences when I enter a room. I need to stay in this job due to financial difficulties, but I'm actively looking for another job. In the meantime, how should I behave? Should I continue trying to fit in with them, even though it drains me and might not be sustainable, just for a slightly better environment? Or should I focus solely on my job and wait for another opportunity? Is there something else I haven't considered? I appreciate any insights you might have.
Is it unethical to have a videogame open on a personal device and interact with it occasionally as part of taking breaks while working from home?
Management decided to let go of certain employees. I've been here a long time, and have a good overview of what everybody did, so I have now noticed that many tasks are simply not being done. For example, we have a Jira where people can send us tasks, and now many tasks are not being picked up since the employees who did those tasks are not in the team anymore. I understand that sometimes management have to make tough decisions, but then they should also address the consequences of those decisions appropriately. This, they have not done at all. So, what is the correct behavior in this instance?
I have a position that I am happy with and I excel at. All my evaluations are excellent. I have been with the company for 13 years. Recently they have asked me to take a promotion to management. I explained that I have no interest in that position. I would be extremely unhappy in management and I know this from experience. They said if I don’t take the promotion they will demote me and cut my pay. They are stating that the position I am in is a gateway to management and I cannot just stay at this level. This was never told to me when I took the job 2 years ago. I also have seen many people promoted to management that have never held my current position. I am an hourly employee as licensed radiographer in the state of Texas, USA. I do not wish to go into management. I have a career being hands on.
We all get monthly 1 sick leave. There is no medical certificate required if you are taking 1 day off. One of the concern I have is with my team (reporting to me), that some people might be abusing it. Typically I just get a message in the morning, `not feeling well, taking off`. Usually I approve and its not a major concern but I know as a pattern that everyone ensures their 12 sick days are used over the year and more people take sick leaves on Monday or a Friday. In fact in one of the team outing event, there was even a joke about faking sick leave where few team members almost accepted they do that. I was surprised that the team is comfortable to joke about it in front of manager. I can still ignore it and focus on their overall performance but this is young team and I want to make sure I talk about integrity and honesty with regards to sick leave. I want to address this in team meeting but I do not know how. I do not want to sound like a personal attack on someone who has recently taken sick leave. Also, I do not want to indicate that there is definitely a suspicious pattern. There is a possibility in my mind and I want to make sure everyone understands the seriousness of it.